text	subreddit	date
no text for post found	starcraft	1447888345
PSA: Tiamat active doesn't work with Thunderlord's Decree. Just played Master Yi in an ARAM with Thunderlord's Decree and bought Tiamat first.  Not sure if it's a bug with the champion, item, mastery, or game mode, but every time I went in with Alpha Strike and used auto-Tiamat, my Thunderlord's didn't go off immediately.	leagueoflegends	1448850486
Quick question about item sets after 5.23 Quick question because Google doesn't have anything, don't upvote.Now that custom item sets are saved server-side, is there any way to move item sets from one account to another?  I used to make item sets on my main and copy-paste them to my smurf, so it would be nice to not have to relog and make the same edits on both sides every time I want to change something.&amp;nbsp;Edit: I submitted a ticket to Riot Support, and they got back to me.  Here's what they had to say:&amp;nbsp;MaggieNoodle (Riot Games Player Support)Dec 2, 02:30Hello Summoner,Thanks for writing. This is one tough question you have here. After a thorough research, I'm afraid to say that it is not possible to replicate an item set from one account to another. In fact, we don't have any existing tools that would let us view your item sets saved on your account.Please let us know if you have other questions and concerns.MaggieNoodleRiot Games Player SupportWorst Viktor ever&amp;nbsp;Welp, looks like that's case closed then.	leagueoflegends	1448852503
Is it bad to always want at least 1 damage item on every champion? I've been playing since the middle of season 2, so I'm a pretty well-seasoned player (edit: gold 4 though).  I've seen the meta go from one end of the spectrum to the other.  I'm the type of player that wants to do as much damage as possible, no matter what the situation is.  Top lane, jungle, or support.  Too many times have I found other people or myself building too many tank or support items and dying without doing enough damage to the enemy team in a teamfight, even when we are ahead, so they end up not killing anybody and being useless.  Therefore, I have a personal philosophy to build at least 1 damage item, even if it's a 6th hybrid item like Abyssal Scepter or Titanic Hydra, on every single champion, no matter who I'm playing, even on champions that are "supposed" to be built full tank.  I feel like people complain about champions falling off or not being able to carry because they build too much tank or utility and hence don't do enough damage, and this can be mitigated simply by changing their build to include more damage.  I usually play against people anywhere from high silver to high plat.  Is this a healthy playstyle/mindset?  How is it different at higher elos (diamond+)?	leagueoflegends	1448926085
Is it bad to always want at least 1 damage item on every champion? Cross-posted from /r/leagueoflegendsI've been playing since the middle of season 2, so I'm a pretty well-seasoned player (edit: gold 4 though).  I've seen the meta go from one end of the spectrum to the other.  I'm the type of player that wants to do as much damage as possible, no matter what the situation is.  Top lane, jungle, or support.  Too many times have I found other people or myself building too many tank or support items and dying without doing enough damage to the enemy team in a teamfight, even when we are ahead, so they end up not killing anybody and being useless.  Therefore, I have a personal philosophy to build at least 1 damage item, even if it's a 6th hybrid item like Abyssal Scepter or Titanic Hydra, on every single champion, no matter who I'm playing, even on champions that are "supposed" to be built full tank.  I feel like people complain about champions falling off or not being able to carry because they build too much tank or utility and hence don't do enough damage, and this can be mitigated simply by changing their build to include more damage.  I usually play against people anywhere from high silver to high plat.  Is this a healthy playstyle/mindset?  How is it different at higher elos (diamond+)?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1448926686
Is it bad to always want at least 1 damage item on every champion? Cross-posted from /r/leagueoflegendsI've been playing since the middle of season 2, so I'm a pretty well-seasoned player (edit: gold 4 though).  I've seen the meta go from one end of the spectrum to the other.  I'm the type of player that wants to do as much damage as possible, no matter what the situation is.  Top lane, jungle, or support.  Too many times have I found other people or myself building too many tank or support items and dying without doing enough damage to the enemy team in a teamfight, even when we are ahead, so they end up not killing anybody and being useless.  Therefore, I have a personal philosophy to build at least 1 damage item, even if it's a 6th hybrid item like Abyssal Scepter or Titanic Hydra, on every single champion, no matter who I'm playing, even on champions that are "supposed" to be built full tank.  I feel like people complain about champions falling off or not being able to carry because they build too much tank or utility and hence don't do enough damage, and this can be mitigated simply by changing their build to include more damage.  I usually play against people anywhere from high silver to high plat.  Is this a healthy playstyle/mindset?  How is it different at higher elos (diamond+)?	summonerschool	1448927287
Is there any way to play this game on Mac with Wineskin? Hi guys, I'm new here and want to pick up this game.  I have a Mac and plan on using Wineskin Winery to make a wrapper for the game for NA closed beta.  However, when I try to open the launcher, I get an error: &amp;nbsp;[Launcher error] An error has occurred.Please restart the launcher.  If this problem persists, please contact Customer Suppot at http://us.ncsoft.com/en/support/.E03001&amp;nbsp;Anyone else run into this problem?  How do I fix it?  Is there any way to run this game without using Boot Camp?	bladeandsoul	1449709073
Any Mac gamers here? Do you guys use Boot Camp, Parallels Desktop, Wineskin, or something else to run this game?  Which one do you think yields the best performance?	bladeandsoul	1452593693
Can we get a "fill except ___" option for the new champion select? Title says it all.  I'm sure there are a lot of people here that don't specialize in any role but perform in one much worse than the rest.  For me, I can't play ADC at even a silver level, but I can play everything else decently.  Adding this option (edit: excepting ONE role only) would make the new champion select a lot easier for many of us.	leagueoflegends	1452803239
Question from a Vindictus player Are there any other Vindictus players here?  If so, are there class similarities/hybrids between the 2 games (looking at the game I'm thinking things such as Force Master = Staff Evie, Destroyer = Hurk + Karok, etc)?  What other matchings are there?  I need some help choosing what classes to start with, and a side-by-side comparison like this would help me a lot, if there is one.  I was thinking of playing Blade Dancer, Force Master, and Destroyer since I really enjoyed Sword Vella/Lann, Arisha, and Karok in Vindictus.	bladeandsoul	1452947841
Are all breakthrough and transformation materials obtainable through quests? As the title says, can I get all the tradeable weapons and accessory materials (Corrupted ____, Hakan Necklace, Sentinel's Ring, etc.) just by doing the story and side quests?  If so, are they automatically given for free as rewards or do we have to farm them?	bladeandsoul	1453765925
One thing I dont understand about new Shen How are you supposed to get your spirit blade into the middle of the enemy team so that it can do damage and zone out the enemy?  I don't remember seeing such a thing in the PBE or champion spotlight.  Orianna has her Q, so unless I missed something, Shen's new mechanic is just a useless version of hers.	leagueoflegends	1453766594
PSA: sustain gems are OP For people leveling through PvE, the sustain gems (life gain on crit amethyst + life gain on knockdown citrine) are incredibly strong and have saved my life more than a few times.  Really useful for using fewer pots and dumplings early so you have enough for the endgame content.	bladeandsoul	1454005157
Why do we not get assist credit on quest mobs? Getting real tired of people stealing the shit you need to kill and then having to wait a minute for the next spawn.	bladeandsoul	1454025323
An idea to fix the thunderlord's problem Why not simply let it be unable to proc on a single spell or autoattack?  It would tone down the big bullies such as MF, Bard, Morg, Fizz, etc. while keeping it balanced for the burst champions it was intended for such as Zed, Annie, Kassadin, etc.  Maybe even make it required to be procced on 3 distinct spells or autoattacks if it's still too strong on champions like Lux, Lucian, etc.	leagueoflegends	1454367687
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1454368298
How do you sustain in this game? Edit: welp, apparently the old post was killed because my phone was being dumb.  it was just about sustain issues i was having and the lack of spammable iframe dodges in this game.  got all i need though, ty	bladeandsoul	1454369085
no text for post found	summonerschool	1454369771
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1454727048
Picking fill should not mean picking support. I'm an actual fill player, who can play everything decently but nothing exceptionally well, tries to let his teammates get their best/preferred roles, and gets bored/tired when I play the same role more than 2 games in a row.  Needless to say, I liked the old champion select much better and hate the new one, and my ranked win rate has taken a hit from last season.  I'm fairly sure a lot of you feel this way too.  It would be nice if "fill" meant 20% chance of getting everything (the way it should be), rather than 60% support and 10% (edit: each of) everything else.	leagueoflegends	1454829593
Is block or evasion generally more reliable in this game? I already have the life drain amethyst, additional damage ruby, and attack power diamond and am looking for something to put in the 4th slot.  I have both recovery on block and recovery on evasion gems and can't decide which one to use.  (Edit: I'm Blade Dancer and Force Master)	bladeandsoul	1455339912
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1455674854
How do you do Mushin's Tower Floor 3? I've run this so many times, so many different ways, and just can't do it, no matter what I try.  It's unbelievably frustrating.  I have a Blade Dancer and Force Master, which are supposed to be good at mob clear, yet the mobs just tear me to bits.  I have True Profane weapons, Awakened Infernal accessories, 5 piece Bloodshade + 3 piece Moonwater Renowned Valor with crit infusion, 26k health, life drain/additional damage/attack power gems, and standard PvE skill specs.  After killing Oh Tak, I go onto one side and kill one pack of adds.  However, when the boss spawns, all of the mobs somehow aggro me at once and kill me in less than 15 seconds through all my parries, invulnerability frames, and healing abilities.  I feel like these mobs are ridiculously overpowered and do way more damage than the mobs in anything else I've ever been in.  Which is funny, because when I aggro a massive pack of mobs in a dungeon while my party is running through (such as the first part of Blackram Supply Chain, where there are a lot more mobs than there are here), I can sustain through their damage and kill them all with no problems. I don't feel like I'm that weak or undergeared for any other PvE content; I have run BSC and BSH multiple times, can easily carry both 24 man instances and Big 4, and have almost no trouble in anything else PvE, so I'm confounded as to how this is suddenly happening to me. I am able to do floors 1 and 2 with some struggling and close calls, and I've heard that floor 4 is easier than floor 3 (so I'll just use the same standard PvE spec and boss solo strat for that).  Literally all I want is to upgrade my stupid soul shield pieces, which for some reason don't drop on the early floors, but I can't progress anywhere because I can't even come close to beating this floor.  So, what am I supposed to do to be able to clear Mushin's Tower up to floor 5?	bladeandsoul	1455823949
Didn't get into class needed to graduate. So...I'm kind of in a dilemma here.  I'm a senior who is graduating in May...or rather, would be graduating if I got into this one Econ class I needed for my Applied Math major.  But I found out this past weekend that the waitlists locked and the course has been dropped completely from my TeleBears, so I technically cannot graduate even though I'm on the degree list.  I've already emailed my advisors asking if there is any way to get around this.  What can I do now?  Am I forced to stay the fall semester (the class isn't offered in the summer)?  I need to know pretty soon because I will have to find housing in that case.  Any advice from seniors/alumni/people who know others in this situation would be appreciated.	berkeley	1456219569
How do threat and boss aggro work in this game? There is something I am incredibly confused about.  Context: I have 2 characters, a Blade Dancer and a Force Master.  However, the strange (and extremely frustrating) thing I am seeing is that my FM somehow takes aggro very frequently from bosses I am doing in my 6 and 4 man parties, even when everybody else in the party is melee.  Like, when there is a KFM, Destroyer, and Assassin in my party, my FM immediately takes aggro from the boss when the first person dies...when I am on the other side of the arena.  And for some other reason, my LBD very rarely grabs aggro from bosses even when multiple people in the party have died, and whenever I start attacking a boss first, aggro usually quickly switches to somebody else.  On my FM, aggro almost never switches away from me even when I stop hitting the boss.  How does that remotely make any sense at all?  I'm doing the same thing on both characters: standard combos, using half my skills off cooldown, saving skills for invulnerability/interrupt, rolling my face on the keyboard.  Do bosses naturally prioritize ranged over melee when it comes to threat or something?  This is a huge problem for me as FM legitimately cannot do a thing while the boss and every one of the spawned adds is on my ass for half the battle.  The fact that threat is not a searchable function in the skill tree and my skills aren't very clear about how much threat they generate (or anything at all for that matter) doesn't help my case either.Follow-up question: Is there any way to lower my threat as FM aside from pressing fewer buttons and artificially lowering my DPS on purpose? I already have 4 points in Frost Palm and 3 points in Windstorm.	bladeandsoul	1456296177
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1456452214
Having trouble with 4 man Poharan I am unbelievably frustrated right now.  I just can't seem to beat Poharan, no matter what I do.  I know for a fact that gear is not the problem (I have 2 characters, Awakened Siren Lynblade + Awakened Siren Bangle, 8 piece Bloodshade for both) and I'm decent at dodging and interrupting her attacks for the first phase (I'm usually the last 1 or 2 dying), so that's not the issue either.  The 3 bosses before her are all super easy, and most of my parties can get through them without a single death.  But at Poharan...everything goes to shit once she hits 30%, no matter how good any party of mine is.  When the tigers come, every party of mine just gets ripped to shreds.  It's impossible to deal with all her ranged AoE attacks, AoE fire and freeze mines, DoT grenades that make it impossible to stand still for more than 1 second (even on steam vents idk why she shoots them on there it's so fucking broken), and tigers that hit as hard as world bosses all at the same time.  As soon as the other people fall, I literally cannot do anything because I can't take on 3 guys on my own.  I have not had a single successful party for over half a week and this is seriously pissing me off because all I want is the achievement for clearing it 10 times.  To people who can regularly clear this with Awakened Siren weapons and below...how do you do it?Edit: Is party comp important?  If so, what is generally considered a strong comp?  Also, is it possible to pick and choose what classes you want in cross-server dungeon, or do I just have to either get lucky or run it with friends?	bladeandsoul	1456567092
no text for post found	summonerschool	1456567751
How do lane win rate and game win rate correlate? I searched for this and oddly didn't find anything, so here it goes.  How are lane win rate and game win rate related?  Does winning lane usually mean you have a good chance at winning game?  Does losing lane usually mean you're screwed in the long run?  I'm a Gold player placed and stuck in low Silver right now.  I have about a 55-60% lane win rate in ranked, but somehow that translates to me winning only 40% of my games this season, usually due to me and my team not being able to push a lead or capitalize on enemy mistakes/throws.  Not surprisingly, it is extremely frustrating that the rest of the team cannot pull the weight that I am, and this results in me getting annoyed at my teammates more often than not because this is the exact phenomenon of "elo hell."  Shouldn't you technically be able to climb ranked winning 51% of your lanes?  What lane win rate do you need to get a 51% win rate in ranked games and what is the logic/math behind it?	summonerschool	1456619009
Can't grab bosses as LBD for some reason. So my friend told me Blade Dancer has a really strong Phantom Grip combo (4-2-F-RMB-3), so I wanted to practice doing it to increase my damage.  I have no problem at all using it on mobs.  However, Phantom Grip is never usable against bosses for some reason.  Any "large" boss like ones in EFSC, BSC, NSH, BSH, etc. is completely ungrabbable for me.  They're not grabbable when just looking at them, so I figured that they maybe need to be CC'd to be grabbable.  I've tried knocking them down with 1-3, knocking them up with X-F, draw stance stun with C-RMB, and just about any other CC I have, and none of it work at all.  Sometimes while doing 24 man Poharan or Hae Mujin my 4 button lights up for about a quarter of a second, and then it immediately fades.  Are some bosses just not grabbable?  Is my computer bugged/lagging?  How do you get your grab off on a boss?	bladeandsoul	1456726919
Can we pick and choose party comp in cross-server? You know how you can select what classes you want in your party when manually finding them?  Can we do that for cross-server dungeons as well?  If so, how do you do it?  If not, why is this function not implemented yet?  It would help a lot to choose what I want in my party to maximize my chances of clearing 4 man raids.	bladeandsoul	1456902855
We need higher cross server requirements for the 4-man dungeons. I understand that 6 man BSC or BSH is easy with 6 people even at Profane weapons, but the requirements of 4 man aren't any stricter (or very strict in the first place), so any first timer using the Dokumo weapon exploit can get into a 4-man party and single-handedly ruin the run.  There should be higher requirements to queue for the 4-man mode.  My suggestions are some or all of the following: level 45, Awakened Siren weapon level 1, Awakened Infernal accessories level 10, 350+/360+ AP, 30k health, Breaking the Chain/Blood in the Water completed __ (5?) times.  What do you guys think?	bladeandsoul	1457069193
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1457097327
If you're planning on running through mobs in a dungeon, equip a spare weapon I've been bringing along a spare Siren or Dark Pirate weapon with me to use while running through mobs in Blackram Supply Chain or Bloodshade Harbor. In the event that you mess up and die, you don't lose durability on your main weapon, which can ultimately screw you over on the real bosses. Sometimes you can lose up to 50 durability from a single dungeon, so it's a pretty good idea to use a spare just for running through/fighting mobs.  Just don't forget to reequip your real weapon when the boss fight comes so you actually do real damage.	bladeandsoul	1457197876
How do you beat Warlock as a melee class? I can beat them fine on my FM because I can still hit back, but my LBD just gets perma-rooted and there is literally nothing I can do except hope they mess up.  I'm assuming this is the same issue for other melee classes, so how are you supposed to beat a class that you can't hit?	bladeandsoul	1457299302
Naryu Labyrinth guide I searched for this on this subreddit and didn't find anything, can you guys write up a detailed text guide (no videos or external links) for each of the 3 (4?) bosses in Naryu Labyrinth so people (me included) are not clueless on their first couple runs?	bladeandsoul	1457486179
How do you get more crit resistance? When I'm trying to solo a dungeon or pack of mobs, I sometimes take unexpectedly large chunks of damage that are not even close to how much normal damage should be.  Sometimes, I die literally 1 second before my healing/invulnerability moves come off cooldown because the boss got a lucky hit.  Sometimes I've gotten really unlucky and been straight-up more or less one-shotted (aka dying when I had 32k health left) because of some random OP bullshit.  I noticed that crit resistance is a stat on my profile, but there is no way to gear for it because it is not contained in any Blackram, Bloodshade, Endless Tower, Labyrinth, or Mushin soul shields, nor is it an infusable stat on any primer.  I'm aware that this isn't the most useful stat compared to AP, health, crit, defense, etc., but I know for a fact that it would help my survivability a lot when soloing.  How do you get more crit resistance?	bladeandsoul	1457683931
Why is the time between changing channels so long? I was just trying to do my faction dailies...loaded into a channel when Kit Chul just died, changed channels, and loaded into a channel infested with reds that just camped and killed me -___- so I couldn't do anything for like forever...what even is the reasoning for making the cooldown on changing channels 3 mins?	bladeandsoul	1457739572
Is it a handicap to main a certain role(s) and not be able to play the best champion(s) for that role? Before you call me out for simply being salty in losing to "OP champions" in ranked, read the entire post please.So we here all know how the meta is nowadays: solo carrying is impossible, laning barely matters, and late game mistakes are way too punishing.  This naturally translates to a shift in what is "meta" in each lane, and we have seen that come up a lot in competitive games.  I very strongly think that if you pick a certain role in champion select, you have to be able to play the strongest champions for that role so that in the event that they are open, you can have a much higher chance of winning.  I think that not being able to play a champion like Fiora, Nautilus, Malphite, Poppy, Lux, Corki, Kalista, Elise, Master Yi, etc. when they are available puts you at an inherent disadvantage and can severely hamper your win rate because there is a higher chance that the enemy can take one of those champions and stomp your team with it.  Since this is more of a team game than ever before, simply winning your own lane is not enough, and you beating them in lane does not mean your team will not lose to them later on.  Of course, an exception to this is one-trick ponies who play nothing but one champion but are damn good at it (not just regular good, I'm talking &gt;70% win rate regardless of circumstances).  I make this statement because in my own experience, I have had much more success playing the "meta" champions, even if I have had fewer than 5 normal games on them, than I have playing the champions I enjoy playing but are not meta (Katarina, Vlad, Singed, Nunu top, Nasus, old Mordekaiser, etc.), even if I have a lower lane win rate.  Ever since the Katarina nerfs, I have been trying to force myself to learn every single one of the highest win rate champions, even if they have little or no synergy with my playstyle.  Ultimately, I believe that if you queue up for a certain role in ranked, unless you are a one-trick pony with a very very high win rate, you must learn how to play the strongest champions in that role to have a better win rate for your team and yourself in the long run.  Do you agree or disagree with my points of view, and why?Tl;dr: You need to know how to play the strongest champions for the roles you are queueing up for, or else you are at an inherent disadvantage.	leagueoflegends	1457744466
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1457745147
Is it a handicap to main a certain role(s) and not be able to play the best champion(s) for that role? Before you call me out for simply being salty in losing to "OP champions" in ranked, read the entire post please.So we here all know how the meta is nowadays: solo carrying is impossible, laning barely matters, and late game mistakes are way too punishing.  This naturally translates to a shift in what is "meta" in each lane, and we have seen that come up a lot in competitive games.  I very strongly think that if you pick a certain role in champion select, you have to be able to play the strongest champions for that role so that in the event that they are open, you can have a much higher chance of winning.  I think that not being able to play a champion like Fiora, Nautilus, Malphite, Poppy, Lux, Corki, Kalista, Elise, Master Yi, etc. when they are available puts you at an inherent disadvantage and can severely hamper your win rate because there is a higher chance that the enemy can take one of those champions and stomp your team with it.  Since this is more of a team game than ever before, simply winning your own lane is not enough, and you beating them in lane does not mean your team will not lose to them later on.  Of course, an exception to this is one-trick ponies who play nothing but one champion but are damn good at it (not just regular good, I'm talking &gt;70% win rate regardless of circumstances).  I make this statement because in my own experience, I have had much more success playing the "meta" champions, even if I have had fewer than 5 normal games on them, than I have playing the champions I enjoy playing but are not meta (Katarina, Vlad, Singed, Nunu top, Nasus, old Mordekaiser, etc.), even if I have a lower lane win rate.  Ever since the Katarina nerfs, I have been trying to force myself to learn every single one of the highest win rate champions, even if they have little or no synergy with my playstyle.  Ultimately, I believe that if you queue up for a certain role in ranked, unless you are a one-trick pony with a very very high win rate, you must learn how to play the strongest champions in that role to have a better win rate for your team and yourself in the long run.  Do you agree or disagree with my points of view, and why?Tl;dr: You need to know how to play the strongest champions for the roles you are queueing up for, or else you are at an inherent disadvantage.	summonerschool	1457745753
If your client lags while in queue, turn your club tag off temporarily My party and I all turned our club tags off to accept the game and the lag stopped.  After we finished doing our picks, runes, masteries, and summoners, we turned the club tags back on and everything was fine in game.The option to toggle club tag is in the middle tab in the bottom right corner.	leagueoflegends	1458007641
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1458058639
How is my focus getting sapped? As we all know, arena pits us against tons and tons of destroyer bots, which gets extremely annoying to fight against every single time.  But some of those are actually...decent.  One particularly frustrating mechanic is when they grab me and smack me.  Now I don't have a problem with the damage, because it's basically nothing (and I can Flock of Blades out of it anyway).  However, I noticed that it takes away 1 of my focus every single hit?  How is this possible?   And can I do this kind of thing with Blade Dancer and Force Master?	bladeandsoul	1458144670
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1458201592
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1458203704
PLEASE do not queue for dungeons if you are undergeared. Tired of seeing people with Awakened Profane weapons and 16k HP in Bloodshade/Naryu.  For the good of the party, please make sure you can carry at least part of your 16.7% before queueing up.	bladeandsoul	1458368610
Question about relic piece looting in naryu labyrinth Every now and then, I see people saying "don't bid on the relic pieces, rotate them"?  What does that mean?  I'm confused because some of these random people want to do a new system and I have neither heard of this before nor know what is going on...	bladeandsoul	1458588659
Will people still be doing Moonwater dailies? I still need to farm achievements, get my HM skill books (gimme BD lightning draw for cheap pls), and max out my Labyrinth soul shields ;____;Edit: Maybe they should add incentives such as moonstones for Poh/BSH/Lab like they did in soulstones for ToE	bladeandsoul	1458760067
Do not all dailies give valor stones? I'm trying to farm achievements, and I need to backtrack and get Cinderlands Valor Stones because I forgot to get the soul shield from the trader my first time though.  But I did a ton of dailies and I didn't get valor stones from all of them?  Do not all dailies give valor stones?Follow-up question: Which Cinderlands dailies give valor stones?	bladeandsoul	1458766490
Help explain to me yeti mechanics please So I went into this new (430 AP), thinking it would be decently difficult but not impossibly hard (I didn't think BSH/Labyrinth/Lair were that bad, and I'm not really that undergeared), but every single time he does the suction thing I just...die.  In either phase.  I have a couple thins I can't understand:When he does the suction, I get frozen and can't move for like 10 seconds.  Then he does that huge unblockable AoE that does 80k damage?  Like wtf?  How are you supposed to live through that?  I tried iframing his first suction, but I still got frozen anyway.Right before he does the 80k damage AoE and right after he does one of his jump attacks, he does another global one that does about 20k damage to me.  How are you supposed to avoid that?Relating to both of the points above, how can you tell which jump attack or AoE he's doing if they all look the same?I have heard that we should stop DPSing at 30%?  Why?  What do we get if we do and what happens if we don't?Also, people tell me to not CC or ice sheath in this battle.  Why is it bad to CC or use ice sheath here?Any meaningful advice would be appreciated.Edit: I know that there is another post a couple pages down, but I specifically want no videos and text only for ease of reading both before and during the dungeon.	bladeandsoul	1459324341
Best tanks in the mid lane? I am a top/mid main whose champion pool mostly consists of whatever is OP at the time (yes I know that's bad for improving, but it gets me wins and I'm just trying to get to gold and then quit so w/e).  I can play every single meta pick top, but I am a little lost as to what is supposed to go mid.  I know that some tanks have been able to go mid on the past few patches (Nautilus, Malphite) and there are bruisers that can go mid as well (Olaf, Irelia).  My question is, what tanks that can abuse Sunfire/Iceborn/Grasp are viable in mid lane?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1460422499
Best tanks in the mid lane? I am a top/mid main whose champion pool mostly consists of whatever is OP at the time (yes I know that's bad for improving, but it gets me wins and I'm just trying to get to gold and then quit so w/e). I can play every single meta pick top, but I am a little lost as to what is supposed to go mid. I know that some tanks have been able to go mid on the past few patches (Nautilus, Malphite) and there are bruisers that can go mid as well (Olaf, Irelia). My question is, what tanks that can abuse Sunfire/Iceborn/Grasp are viable in mid lane?	summonerschool	1460424213
How to get warrior weapon? I'm at True Pirate stage 5 and it says the breakthrough weapon is a Warrior weapon (bangle for me).  How can I get this weapon?  I heard it drops from Mushin's Tower, but I've been running it up to 8.2 (can't beat 8.3, always hitting enrage at ~15%) nearly every day and I have never seen a chest drop anywhere.  What floor does it drop on?	bladeandsoul	1460793563
AP required to consistently clear 4 man Yeti and Necro? I finished my Yeti and Scorpio soul shields with near perfect rolls yesterday, so I don't really have a reason to do 6 mans anymore.  I know 4 man Lair is easy because there aren't really any boss mechanics, just a pure DPS race.  I have 490 AP (also 49% crit and 185% crit damage but nobody cares about that apparently) as an FM, and yet I'm still getting kicked from 4 man Yeti and Necro parties?  While I'm still outdamaging 500+ AP people anyway?  How much do people even want?Edit: I'm in a clan (kind of), but they're not very active and don't run stuff together very often, mostly because everyone is in different time zones... e___e	bladeandsoul	1460796899
Accessory upgrade order after Awakened Siren? I've done a lot of searching around here, and none of these threads have what I'm looking for, so...What is the best way to upgrade accessories?  I have True Pirate weapon (not relevant), Awakened Siren necklace/earring/ring, Awakened Oathbreaker bracelet, and Siren belt (but I'm currently using a Scorpio belt for the health and Asura resist).  However, I am at a huge lack of Warrior Tokens because I don't do Mushin's Tower very often, and when I do, I use the 5F ticket.  I see that the difference between Awakened Siren and True Siren is pretty much the same between the 3 accessories (all are about 3 AP + 60 crit damage + something else), so what is the generally accepted most cost/performance efficient way to upgrade these?	bladeandsoul	1461387132
How in the actual f*ck do you get out of a terror grab? I'm talking about the terrors in SSP guarding the enemy side of the field.  For reference, my main is FM (I play BD as an alt but I dont SSP with it, for obvious reasons) with 540 AP, and I use my full tank set (5 Scorpio 3 Lab rather than my normal 5 Asura 3 Yeti) to not die to terror AoE.But once you get aggroed and you hear the "ding" sound, you are straight up dead no matter what you do.  It doesn't matter what class you are, how much health you have, or where you happen to be located.  You are dead 100% of the time.  Dead.  Donezo.  0 counterplay.  Wiped off the face of the planet like the miserable little shit you are.  It always spams its grab with 0 cooldown and infinite range and pounds into the ground until you break your keyboard futilely smashing your keys out of frustration.I've tried stunning it with Glacial Beam (3), knocking it down with Heatwave (Tab), icing myself with Frost Armor (Tab) or Sheath (V), nothing works.  It becomes even worse when people run all the way out to the center to get the pigs instead of letting them come to us where the machines/engineers are, so every time I pick up a chest I am putting my life in danger.It has come to the point that I can't get credit on bosses 1/3 of the time and my battle to get 100 prestige or kill elite warriors is entirely luck dependent, based on whether I happen to be within a terror's giant aggro circle when it is randomly walking around which I can't even see.  Is there anything that you're supposed to be able to do against this fucking broken piece of crap?	bladeandsoul	1462541153
Anyone know where to get raw data from competitive games? Hey /r/leagueoflegends,I'm doing a final project about finding correlations and fitting a linear model, and I have chosen to do it on the stats of all the players and games from the Season 5 World Championship.  I need detailed statistics such as player, team, region, position, game time, kills, deaths, assists, damage dealt, damage taken, etc.  I saw a post about this a while back on one of the league subs so I know this exists out there somewhere.  I figured one of the hundreds of thousands of people on this sub should know, so I decided to ask here first.  Any help or leads would be much appreciated.Just a quick question don't upvote please.Edit: Thanks everyone!	leagueoflegends	1463003847
Event dungeon: PLEASE wait until everybody is in before you start. I just had 5 parties in a row where someone broke the pot when not everyone was through the portal.  Needless to say, I promptly left.  I don't know if people are unaware or if they're doing this intentionally to troll people because they got lucky and already got their Frozen Nebula Stone.  There is no point in doing this at all if you're gonna charge ahead, lose time, lose loot, and overall waste everyone's time/one free run of the day.  Please, for god's sake, wait until everyone in the party is fully loaded in and confirmed as ready before you start it.	bladeandsoul	1463105401
Say and region chat channels are currently unavailable I'm getting this message literally every time I'm in SSP and it's incredibly frustrating when trying to do Heuk Bulmu/Yachun because someone is always trying to fight/CC him at the bottom and nobody is listening.  But somehow other people are able to use /s, because I can see their messages?  What's up with that?  How do I fix this?	bladeandsoul	1463162519
Since today has 24 man Poh for the daily challenge, can we bring back to light how badly designed Mak Dagul is? The title says it all.  I have everything else done, and I have been sitting here for the past 30 minutes trying to complete this one daily so I can finally get out here.  I am so fucking tired of people stealing him and then refusing to join party to let everyone else have credit.  Why is this guy a mandatory kill for the daily?  He has a long and unreliable spawn timer, has no alternative options (like the other captains in EFleet or NSH), and only gives credit to the first person who tags him.  This is without question the most cancerous mechanic ever introduced in a 24 man instance.  Either increase his health and make him like a world boss (so anyone in a party with any member who does 1% of his health gets credit), or give us some alternative options so we don't have to all crowd around fighting for that 1 guy.Or alternately, people can just not be assholes, but let's be honest, that's never gonna happen with everyone being so overgeared and able to kill him in 2 seconds.Edit: I finally got him...after an entire cycle of 9 bosses and Poh spawned twice. Lmao	bladeandsoul	1463192320
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1463331645
PIN verification not showing up? Quick question, but I'm trying to log in right now, and after the game goes into full screen the PIN verification (where I click in my 6 digits) doesn't show up?  Then I get DCed shortly after?  The rest of my Internet works fine (obviously, since I'm able to make this post).  Anyone else having this issue?&amp;nbsp;Edit: The error messages I am getting are:"Server is currently undergoing maintenance.  Please try again later."(106) (6)(1000)(132,10060)And occasionally it never goes full screen at all and just says "[Data error] Could not connect to the update server...(blah blah restart contact support)...E01005 NIC updater.nclauncher.ncsoft.com_17231940"I am not using WTFast.	bladeandsoul	1463509697
In general, how do you tank as a class that is not meant for tanking? I'm mostly speaking from a FM perspective.  With the upgrade event allowing me to finally upgrade my weapon (yet still somehow seem to fall behind all the F8 elitists), I'm reaching the point that I end up tanking dungeons like Yeti or Asura, even when I have my no threat skills specced.Before you start complaining at how I'm bad, I have True Breeze weapon (555 AP), all True Oathbreaker accessories except for necklace (Awk Oath) and bracelet (Asura) (55 crit, 225 crit damage, 120 accuracy), and 5 Asura 3 Yeti (53k health, I miss my 65k with lab though).  So I'm pretty geared for the most part, although I have the issue of being between casual and hardcore, aka I get money slowly but steadily, and as soon as I get enough money to upgrade my gear, the average gear level rises, so I always end up behind.  But that's another story.Now I can do this tanking job just fine if I'm running my tank set (3 Lab 5 Scorpio) and I'm running in 6 man mode (because I can see exactly where I need to dodge and dragonblood helps cover for some errors), but tanking in 4 man is plain impossible and unbelievably frustrating.  The mobs and bosses in Silverfrost (Sogun's Lament, especially) hit WAY too hard for me to tank on only 1 life without blocks or counters.  Yeti jumps on me over and over again.  Ken and Gen throw their stupid crap at me and I can't spin out of it like I do with my BD.  Volcano and Glacier chase me down, doing 20k damage per charge, and there is nowhere to run.  I have to run like a madman to not get hacked to death by Scorpion Queen.  Like...the moment I get aggro in any high level purple dungeon I either lose over half of my health or just straight up die.Even worse is when the party members expect you to do everything perfectly, like dealing optimal damage while tanking at the same time (hint hint: it doesn't work like that) and the moment I get hit by anything or die it's my fault.  It's like they expect me to be able to tank all the boss's attacks.  It's so frustrating having to deal with people like this.It doesn't help that FM is the class with arguably the least mobility and damage prevention (Warlocks have block, Summoners have cat heal, all melees have a spammable block or counter...FM only has Q/E/SS with longer CD than melees, tab with long CD, and veil which doesn't block melee; on top of that they have no gap closer).  FM clearly is designed for long-range carry DPS, as they have 2 major skills that generate no threat and few ways to block attacks.Like using another analogy, you don't expect an AD carry to tank, do you?  That's just straight up stupid.It has come to the point that I refuse to run 4 man unless there is at least 1 person with significantly higher AP than me who can acquire and keep aggro against any boss.  What the actual fuck am I supposed to do when the party sucks and I get aggro, aside from hit tab/sheath and pray that someone else takes it off me (only to inevitably get it back again 80% of the time)?/rant	bladeandsoul	1463722060
What is the least bad out of all the defensive stats? FM here, if that matters.  I'm starting to get tired of spamming Yeti and Asura 6 man trying to min/max soul shields and getting crit/accuracy on every piece while getting top primary rolls at the same time.  A lot of pieces have HP, defense, evasion, and block as secondary rolls, and I'm too lazy to reroll them when I already have max HP/crit/accuracy as primary rolls.  Now my question here is, given that I have sufficient crit/accuracy (through accessories and primers), how do these 4 stats compare with each other and which ones are the "least bad" out of all of them?	bladeandsoul	1463801738
Anyone know where to find the Necro or Snow Jade Palace music? Particularly during the tower defense stage and Ken/Gen fight, I really like the music at those parts so I was wondering if there's a video or soundtrack or something	bladeandsoul	1463858677
Do classes cross-enrolled at another UC count toward graduation/grade replacement? So my issue here is, I got a bad grade in a stats class at UC Berkeley.  I found the class with almost the exact same name (Linear Modelling vs Linear Models) at UCLA.  I heard that cross-enrollment is an option for students enrolled at any school in the UC system.  Has anyone here been able to replace a grade using a class from a different school?  Any insight would be appreciated.  Thanks.	berkeley	1464032545
Do classes cross-enrolled at another UC count toward graduation/grade replacement? So my issue here is, I got a bad grade in a stats class at UC Berkeley.  I found the class with almost the exact same name (Linear Modelling vs Linear Models) at UCLA.  I heard that cross-enrollment is an option for students enrolled at any school in the UC system.  Has anyone here been able to replace a grade using a class from a different school?  Any insight would be appreciated.  Thanks.	ucla	1464033166
Anyone having insane packet loss/lag lately? I was in an Asura run, and at random times I press my buttons and my KD/stun/Blazing Beam will simply not do anything...?  This led to 2 wipes because I was unable to saved grabbed people or do DPS.  The rest of my Internet is perfectly fine...wtf is going on over there?	bladeandsoul	1464415692
Can we have a warning notice about our faction uniform when we go to cross server lobby or windstride away from a faction area? In case you haven't noticed, there are people camping cross server lobby and places like Zaiwei, mostly in assassin masks, waiting to kill people who just load in there. (I'm from Poharan cerulean, so...this is actually a problem for me as salty reds are everywhere.)Can we have at least a warning (like the one you get when trying to switch channels while still having prestige), if not an option, to take off our faction uniforms before leaving a faction area so we don't get dicked?  You shouldn't be killed and have to lose weapon durability and time on loading screens (and I have very long loading screens so losing time in dungeon is detrimental to me, especially if it's for a daily like Asura or Chuanka) just for a minor mistake.  Like, I'm stuck here with my PvE spec and soul shield, why are people camping me with PvP spec and full tank SS?  How does this make any sense?There is a "surrender" option to take off our faction uniform when we die (3, for the people who don't know what that is), so I don't see why the same can't be implemented for simply going to cross-server lobby or any normal area, really.	bladeandsoul	1464584076
What is this new Challenger/Sparring SS that people are talking about? So I have never heard of this soul shield ever, and suddenly people are talking about how this piece 2 and 8 or something is BiS next patch?  Where did this come from?  I checked both Praetor's spreadsheet and Arbolito's spreadsheet, and neither of them has any information on this set.  I'm fairly sure Asura 12348/Be Ido 567 (low accuracy) or Asura 12468/Be Ido 357 (high accuracy) is BiS for next patch, no?Edit: Where can you get this soul shield?	bladeandsoul	1464740520
Daily for split maze... This is not a mistake right?  64.5 silver for the whole dungeon?  Did I miss a quest somewhere?  Wtf is this?  What happened to the 3 gold of Necro/Asura?	bladeandsoul	1464814216
Are they changing the daily dhallenge? Since new dungeons were released...does that mean they're changing the missions that are in the daily challenge rotation?	bladeandsoul	1464816175
Is the Merchant of Wonders permanent? Title, will he have a chance to spawn every time we run one of the 4 dungeons or is this just for a limited time	bladeandsoul	1464831748
How much AP do you need to solo Altar of Divine Will? Nobody wants to use the scale to enter the dungeon in pugs, so I'm debating just soloing it for today's daily challenge.  I have a 580 FM and a 520 BD (with "normal" crit/crit damage values, not dropped accessories that people use solely to get into AP parties).  Do you guys think I can solo this dungeon?  What is the typical stats that someone needs to be able to solo Jinsoyun?	bladeandsoul	1464983938
FM question: Why would people ever use Dragonchar instead of Blazing Beam? In a lot of the videos I see of FMs on Korea or Taiwan server running content of all levels (I'm talking Poh, Asura, Maze, Desolate Tomb), there is a very large proportion of them using Dragonchar on bosses.  I was under the impression Blazing Beam was much better under every possible situation, except killing mobs?  It has slightly more damage, higher range, less focus cost (1 focus can actually make or break a rotation), and no way to miss (because it's targeted).  On top of that, HM Blazing Beam reduces to CD of Dual Dragons on crit, which is amazing for DPS and helping the party stack bleed, arguably the best HM skill for FMs currently available.  Is there a particular reason why these ~700, 800 AP people are using the less damage/smaller ranged/high cost Dragonchar instead?Edit: in case this wasn't clear enough, this is only for PvE	bladeandsoul	1465238193
Which classes are least reliant on HM skills? I'm deciding between BM, Destroyer, and Assassin for my next character, which I will create during the Soul Fighter leveling event.  I currently have an FM (main) and a BD (alt that I stopped gearing).  I would prefer to be able to run simple dungeons (everything up to 6-man Lair/Yeti/Necro), so I'm only planning on gearing this character up to ~450 AP (Awakened Oathbreaker weapon + Awakened Siren ring/earring/necklace + Awakened Oathbreaker bracelet).My question is, which class out of these is the least HM skill reliant?  To my knowledge, BM needs Lightning Draw and Block, Destroyer needs Emberstomp, LMB, and RMB, and Assassin needs Shadow Slash, LMB, and RMB.  I am still planning to spend most of my money gearing up my FM, only playing this character (and my BD) casually, so I would like to spend the least amount of money possible on HM skills.  This is only for PvE; I don't plan on doing PvP at all.Edit: Any KFMs, Summoners, Warlocks, and Soul Fighters can chime in as well if they want	bladeandsoul	1465640222
Can we PLEASE not get kicked out every time we lose connection even for a tiny bit? couldn't finish my daily challenge today because i DCed 4 times in dungeon and can't get back in time, when my Internet coughed for literally a second -____-	bladeandsoul	1465731310
Are NCSoft servers having problems this week? Is anyone else not able to log in a lot of the time this week?  I've been trying to log in for so long, but about 90% of the time I open the launcher I get the login failed whatever 42 error and get absolutely nowhere.  I am on vacation in China, but I'm not sure if this has anything to do with it?  Is anyone else getting this issue?  Are NCSoft's servers having problems or is it just me?Also another question, are character info and marketplace Google based?  I can't access either of them, and I'm suspecting that they're blocked by the firewall...	bladeandsoul	1465805578
Recommended AP for future hard dungeons? So in the next few patches, we're getting Gloomdross Incursion, Shattered Masts, Twisted Grimhorn Wilds, Desolate Tomb, Ebondrake Citadel, and Midnight Skypetal Plains.  This question mostly pertains to the last 3 (Desolate Tomb/Ebondrake Citadel/Midnight Skypetal Plains).  I have an FM at 586 AP/54% crit (596 with Oathbreaker bracelet, and a BD that I stopped gearing but that's beside the point), which is more than enough for all current content, and I'm not sure whether I have to gear it up more or I can put my money into the BM I am leveling next patch.  Anyone who has played on Korea, Taiwan, China, etc., how much AP is recommended for those dungeons (both 6 and 4 man)?  500?  550?  600?  650?	bladeandsoul	1466077518
General soul shield guide for the rest of the year Hey fellow crickets,I have seen a lot of posts on here asking about what soul shields people should get, so to clean up the posts a little I have decided to write the soul shield guide I usually copy/paste whenever someone asks in this text post, plus a bit more.  Remember, the best soul shield is the same for ALL CHARACTERS.  It does not depend on what class you are; everyone is heavily reliant on crit and accuracy.&amp;nbsp;The BiS level 50 soul shields this patch are:Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Labyrinth Bloodshade mix/Full Silverfrost Valor/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this if you have less than 1300 accuracy with no piece 6 equipped, for people around 500 AP): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/Twisted**Standard set (for most people around 550 AP): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/Twisted**High geared (for most people around 600 AP): 12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerWhirlwind Valley 6v6: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/3 piece Sparring + 3 piece Challenger + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.&amp;nbsp;Many soul shields follow the same format as to what stats they give.  Each of these progressions give the same primary and secondary rolls on every piece, but the later ones simply have higher numbers.  The soul shield progression for the rest of the year is:Bloodshade (BSH) -&gt; Yeti (Avalanche Den) -&gt; Be Ido (Split Maze/Sundered Nexus) -&gt; Twisted (Zaiwei Ruins+Shattered Masts+Gloomdross Incursion+Twisted Grimhorn Wilds) -&gt; Oblivion (Desolate Tomb)Labyrinth (Naryu Labyrinth) -&gt; Asura (Snow Jade Palace/Sogun's Lament) -&gt; Black Dragon (Black Dragon Prison/Ebondrake Citadel)Endless Tower (Mushin's Tower F4-7) -&gt; Mushin (Mushin's Tower F8.1-8.2) -&gt; Scorpio (Awakened Necropolis) -&gt; Naksun (Mushin's Tower F12-15) -&gt; Sparring (Tower of Infinity F10-20) -&gt; Challenger (Tower of Infinity F30-40)&amp;nbsp;Once new dungeons are released, replace each piece with the piece that follows it in the same list.So the final purple soul shields right before legendary (Midnight Skypetal Plains and Black Tower) are:PvE: 12468 Black Dragon + 357 OblivionOWPvP: 3 piece Challenger + 5 piece HellSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Silverfrost Artisanal/Masterwork Critical (PvE), Silverfrost Artisanal/Masterwork Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;Hope this helps!	bladeandsoul	1466141890
Has anyone (non-freshman) been able to sign up for classes in the fall yet? Title, it still says "we are the middle of a large systems migration" for me on calcentralEdit: I only have the Summer 2016 section, and there is no Fall 2016 section for me...I have no idea what's going on .___.	berkeley	1466248785
Is there a song list for the EDC LV 2016 sets? If so, when will it be released and where can I find it?	electricdaisycarnival	1466496479
Is there a song list for the EDC LV 2016 sets? If so, when will it be released and where can I find it?	EDM	1466497822
Any announcement on the Soul Fighter leveling event yet? The patch is tomorrow and I still have seen no updates on here or http://www.bladeandsoul.com ... .____.	bladeandsoul	1466519762
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1466568728
How does the new daily challenge event work? I see these Hongmoon pouches under my DC menu and Hongmoon Training Unsealing Charms in my shop.  How are these supposed to work?  I supposedly only get 100 maximum unsealing charms?  Does that mean I can only get 100 pouches?  And how do I find the vendor that sells the AP peridot and what currency do I use?	bladeandsoul	1466606044
Friendly reminder to please party up if you are killing quest mobs in the same area. It makes grinding through those low level areas much easier and doesn't waste people's time because people keep stealing each other's mobs ^^	bladeandsoul	1466688759
A few noob BM questions I am leveling a BM (24 currently) and am confused about a couple things.  I am running fire build with Lunar Slash T3S1 and Dragontongue as my main DPS skills.  My 2 characters at level 50 are FM and BD, so take that into consideration.1. How do you stack bleed?  For annoying bosses like Blood Mane, Minou, and Yeti.2. How do you grab/phantom grip?  I remember I was taught this on my FM and BD, but not on BM for some reason.3. Is there an easy way to sleep an enemy?  Related to the phantom grip question.  How do you put a non-blocking enemy (like Shin Dabal or Poh's tigers) to sleep?4. How do I regenerate large amounts of focus at once?  I'm looking for moves with medium CD like FM's Short Fuse and BD's Multislash/Rolling Typhoon combo that I can use when I have an empty focus bar.5. What double CCs do I have at level 50 that don't require me to sacrifice too much DPS?  I want to be able to do 6-man Iruga and Drill Sergeant.  I know I have stun on Flicker and daze on Lunar Slash, but I don't want to spec those because I lose too much DPS (the same way I don't spec daze on BD).  I already plan to use Anklebiter/Boot (KD) and Rush (Stun, Multislash in non-CC dungeons), and I can't think of any other CCs I can do.6. Do you spend most of your time in basic or draw stance?  Do you start the battle in basic stance and switch to draw once you get Cyclone and 5-point in for threat?  How do you manage your stances?  I find that draw stance does more damage with Lunar Slash/Dragontongue than basic stance does with Cyclone/Pierce (fire build), but blocking takes me out of draw stance.  How am I supposed to tank if I have to do damage but have no block in draw stance and block but do no damage in basic stance?Any help would be appreciated.	bladeandsoul	1466734788
Did they disable shift-clicking in marketplace? I just got back from vacation so I have a massive amount of crafting things to sell (couldn't access marketplace where I was), and apparently shift-click to price check doesn't work anymore...	bladeandsoul	1466899262
Online class full? How...is that even possible?  Does that mean I have to waitlist and wait for spots to be available like normal classes?	DeAnza	1466957327
FPS/freezing this patch? Ever since the latest patch, I have been getting absolutely unreal amounts of FPS problems.  This happens in anything that I do in game.  Every time I do a dungeon or SSP, it becomes extremely difficult to do any mechanics or get prestige because of lag.  The worst thing is, my game straight-up freezes when doing Grindtooth, so I literally cannot get credit on it, even as a 600 AP FM with buffs.  This is starting to become really frustrating...is this kind of thing happening to anyone else?  	bladeandsoul	1467061797
My solution to the Grindtooth problem Hello everyone.  After getting 0/5 Grindtooths before giving up this morning due to very very high geared people rotating channels farming Suljun and Grindtooth, I think there is something that needs to be done about the SSP system.  The current way this is designed is absolutely, unquestionably horrible.  I farm SSP with my 600 AP FM (also have a 530 BD and level 40 BM so I know what it's like to play melee) on NA Poharan, but don't let that influence anything I have to say in the following post.  I also play on a Macbook Pro with Bootcamp so...take that as you will.So to no surprise, Grindtooth causes a lot of frustation.  It has come to the point that I cannot get credit on Grindtooth at all due to a combination of factors, and this is only considering the times where Grindtooth actually spawns (half the time he doesn't even spawn because of bots).  The first issue is, my computer straight-up freezes as soon when Suljun and Grindtooth spawn.  This means that obviously I cannot get my DPS in, most likely due to the shitty game optimization.  But this is more of an effect of the second issue.The second issue is, people are usually rotating channels to farm Grindtooth.  Now this is the part I am frustrated about.  I understand that people need keys.  I do as well.  But it's absolutely infuriating when I spend a full 30 minutes working my ass off to hold the attack waves, but when it's time for Grindtooth to come, I cannot get my daily done because all of a sudden, 3 parties full of 650 AP people come in and zerg him down before I can even get a burn rotation in, without having done any work in the mining channel to get there.  Don't even deny that this is not a thing; they have admitted in faction chat that all they do is farm keys.  This is starting to piss me off beyond belief.  I currently have 15 unopened terror boxes in my inventory and no keys.  I haven't killed Grindtooth in over a week.  It is absolutely ridiculous that I have to end up buying all my keys from the very people who get rich stealing my credit and prestige.  If only they reduced the percentage of damage required to get credit, but, you know...NCSoft.  We tried before, and they didn't do a thing.  The rich get richer, am I right?My solution is to take the 24-man Poh and NSH approach.  Increase Grindtooth's HP and defense greatly (to at least 10m, maybe 12m, 16m maximum).  For every pig and terror you kill in a mining channel (guards and roaming monsters included), you get a stacking AP or crit buff.  Just like the old buff, this bonus is lost when you switch channels, but NOT when you die.  This would reward the people who stay in mining channels and work for their kills, because it lets them get a damage advantage that is 100% fairly earned, while the people who channel hop should have to work harder for credit/prestige because they only ninja in at the very end to steal loot.  I think this would be a very reasonable fix so that people would have more incentive to do mining in order to get the Grindtooth spawn, which in turn lets them be able to open their boxes.TL;DR: My idea is to implement a stacking buff in SSP like in Moonwater 24-mans to reward people who stayed the whole mining phase so that people who channel hop have less chance of stealing credit/prestige.Edit: lol @ the person going through downvoting every single comment like come on lay off the salt a little please	bladeandsoul	1467425875
Did they remove siren and pirate accessories from the loot tables? Title...I'm trying to farm BSC on an alt (since today is easy speed runs with overgeared 50s) to get the accessories I need but I haven't seen any drop for like foreverEdit: I'm talking about the loot table, not the dynamic quest chest	bladeandsoul	1467674619
Twisted fury guide Can anyone write up a detailed guide on how to get the fast kill Asura achievement for Twisted Fury title?  What is the best comp to get the achievement?  I play FM and I usually run with Destroyer, Summoner, BM, Assassin, WL, or another FM.   What additional mechanics does each class have to do (besides the normal mechanics like projectile block, orb block, flowers, etc.)?  When is each class supposed to grab/root/buff?  I didn't find any guides anywhere on this subreddit or on Google, so I figured this would be helpful in helping people (like me lol) get this achievement.Edit: My info is http://bnscoffee.com/character/NA/Kataniss if that is relevant	bladeandsoul	1467756910
How do you crash/get disconnected while standing still...? This has already happened to me several times, once while discussing strats in 4 man Asura in Ken and Gen's arena, once during loot auction in BSC, and once when I'm literally standing still doing nothing in Zaiwei.  I've also seen this happen to several clanmates.  How is this even possible...?  I am not in combat or doing anything at all.  How, from a server load viewpoint, is this able to happen at all???And, NCSoft, while you're at it, please fix the "This account is already logged in" error.  The last thing I need when I crash for no reason is another forced quit.	bladeandsoul	1467960261
Gear vs Hongmoon skills After my friend told me he was confused on how a 600 AP BM doesn't have HM Block, I would just like to know Reddit's general thoughts on spending money on gear vs Hongmoon skills for PvE only players.  I play FM (620 AP True Scorpio), BD (540 AP True Pirate), and BM (430 AP True Oathbreaker), so it is no surprise that Hongmoon skills are incredibly important for those classes (the first one not as much as the other 2) in the long run.However, I absolutely refuse to get HM Force Blast/Blazing Beam (Blazing Palm is more time-based than gold), HM Maelstrom, or HM Block until I have maxed weapon and accessories on those characters.  When lower geared people ask me what they should spend their money on, I always tell them gear is more important than HM skills.  (1250 achievement point 70 Naryu Silver skill is an exception, that's kind of a given that you have it at this point in the game.  I already have HM Inferno and HM Lightning Draw.)  Why, you may ask?If you are only planning on doing dungeons in pugs, Hongmoon skills do not give you stats.  Considering NA/EU's pug mentality, the only thing that people look at, the only thing that matters, is numbers.  I myself do not have a static group to farm with, so I end up pugging most of my dungeons even though I'm in a relatively active clan.  In F8, people ask for 500 for 6-man Lair/Yeti/Necro, 550 for 4-man Lair/Yeti/Necro + 6-man Asura/Nexus, and 600 for 4-man Asura/Nexus.  What is the point of buying HM skills if you can never get into those parties to use your skills in the first place?Some people may exempt bad stats if you have a game-changing skill like HM Block or HM Maelstrom.  But on a general scale, HM skills don't give you extra damage in AP/crit/crit damage numbers, so I believe that they are not worth getting at all until your gear is in an acceptable place (~~650~~ 630 AP 55 crit 210 crit damage).How does the rest of Reddit think about this?Edit: Not sure if it was clear before, but this discussion is for PvE only playersEdit 2: Follow-up question, do you guys think people will bypass gear if I get HM Maelstrom/HM Block?  Like can my 500something characters join a 550, 580, maybe even 600 parties if I have the skill?	bladeandsoul	1468013656
How do you make this app save your login info? Getting kinda tired of having to log in to my Google account every single time I open it	pokemongo	1468014480
For the love of god, again, please wait for everyone in Blackram Narrows. In case people didn't realize, a lot of people get a loading screen right before the final boss room, so if they don't load in and physically walk up they don't get credit.  And as someone who has very long loading screens, fuck all of you people who don't wait.	bladeandsoul	1468018823
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1468274265
Quick guide to level 45 content in daily challenge It seems to me that people have completely forgotten how to do BSH and Labyrinth...somehow.  People are screwing up mechanics in old content and I can't carry that hard on my level 48 alt ;_; So here's a quick little guide to help you super undergeared 50s who are somehow stuck on a regular Oathbreaker weapon at HM4 not wipe in Moonwater dungeons.&amp;nbsp;**Blackram Supply Chain*** Gatekeeper Slashimi: Make sure you have someone with parry specced to block her charge in case you can't burst her down before she goes under.* Chef Tae Jangum: Self-explanatory, but remember that Sous Chef Shin Dabal spawns if you take too long.* Barracks Officer Mak Sobo: Self-explanatory* Vice Admiral Poharan: If you stand at the edge of the arena her fire AoE won't hit you.* Vice Admiral Poharan: Hit the lever to activate the steam vents, then standing on them will make you immune to her ice AoE.&amp;nbsp;**Bloodshade Harbor*** Venomous Thrasher: Use the guns to shoot him down from the ceiling.  You need some number (40?) of shots from the whole party to make him come down, so don't just run around doing nothing.  1 kills the eggs, LMB hits Thrasher.* Venomous Thrasher: Cleansing the poison debuff with the waterfalls gives you a MASSIVE AP and crit buff, but it's wasted if you cleanse it while still in the ceiling-gun phase.* Munitions Officer Blood Mane: Try to carry him into the center of the arena at the start to make the automatons hit him easier.  Unlike Winter Mane, you need to make the automatons hit him to inflict a bleeding DoT.  It is impossible to kill him before enrage without robots if you whole party is below 450 AP.  Bleed is important for this boss as he has very high HP regen.* Munitions Officer Blood Mane: CC him to stop his AoEs (or iframe them), you can tank them if you have high HP but if you have 45 soul shields you will die if you take too many.  They come very frequently so any low CD joint attacks are helpful.* Scarlet Widow/Cobalt Widow: Self-explanatory, but remember that at 70% and 30% they do this giant omnislash attack if the other one doesn't get below the same threshold.  Also if one dies too early, she will revive if the other one is not dead after some time.* Admiral Hae Mujin: 100-75 is self-explanatory.  He spawns a shadow at 75%, which despawns at 50%.  Save your buffs for the 75-50 phase.* Admiral Hae Mujin: 50-0 he starts doing giant field-wide meteors and point-blank AoEs that cannot be interrupted.  If you have low HP, make sure to look at the ground and stand in the little spots between circles if you run out of iframes/to save iframes.&amp;nbsp;**Naryu Labyrinth*** Minou: To get rid of his defense buff, every party member needs to be standing at the center of a red pillar.  The person he charges at is random.  PLEASE do not walk around everywhere because he will probably charge into a random wall and never lose his defense buff.  Bleed is important on this boss too.* Be Ido: Oh boy, the first true pug-killer that can't be solo carried.  Remember all the posts from a few months ago?  People are screwing this up again.  There are 3 FM adds spaced around the clown, which has a shield that reduces all damage by 90%.  1 or 2 cats or 2 or 3 people should be the designated add tankers.  One person (preferably ranged) is designated as the bomb, and another as the backup bomb.  If the bomb gets aggro from an add, the backup bomb needs to start building stacks because the adds grab people around and remove their stacks.  After someone gets 10 stacks of the opposite color, a countdown will begin and the bomb needs to walk on top of Be Ido to blow up his shield.* Be Ido: Once his shield goes down, you have a few seconds to lay all of your damage onto him at once.  Save your high DPS skills such as Inferno/Meteor and Fury for this point.  Remember to CC him when he grabs (since he'll regenerate about 500k HP if the grab channel completes) and iframe/sheath/seed shroud the AoE.* Fujin/Raijin: Ironically probably the easiest boss of this dungeon.  Pretty self-explanatory, but remember if one dies too early, the other will enrage after a period of time and spam his field-wide AoE until the party wipes.  Soul Fighters carry pls.&amp;nbsp;That's pretty much it...ultimately, if you can overcome the dungeon through pure DPS, good for you, but remember that there are new people and alts playing the game too who can't simply zerg through everything.  Please don't forget that even easy dungeons have mechanics, which can make all our lives easier.	bladeandsoul	1468356441
Is it even worth it to buy SSP keys? I have a ton of unopened terror, Hwang Po, Yeomchul, and victory boxes...but no keys.  I can't get credit on Grindtooth because my computer freezes due to the sheer amount of people channel hopping (which is a huge dick move, btw).  Is it even worth buying keys at this point?  Why do I have to farm the boxes, but buy the keys to open them...which are more expensive than moonstones?  Where is the logic and fairness in this?  I feel like I'm just wasting my time doing SSP.Edit: So is it more worth it to buy keys to open my boxes or just sell the keys and buy moonstones?	bladeandsoul	1468476419
Trying to windstride after server merge... ...and some asswipe red from Iksanun kills me.  Had absolutely no problems about town camping before (I'm Poharan blue).  Thanks server merge.If we can't have decency on SSP, can we at least have some decency in towns and cross-server dungeons, please?On a side note, are there any faction truces going on in other server groups, or is it just more sets of shitfests?	bladeandsoul	1468534666
Best OWPvP soul shield not using Tower of Infinity or Naksun 5-8? Title, I don't want to do Tower of Infinity and I can't clear past Mushin's Tower F14 but I want a soul shield set that can defend me against the trolls in SSP.  I currently have Naksun 123 Lab 468 Scorpio 57.Alternately, how do you beat Ironheart and Naksun as FM?  I can't beat Ironheart because he just rolls around after the AoEs, so I have nowhere to run that's not covered by fire pools.  Naksun is like...I don't even know where to begin lol.	bladeandsoul	1468543842
Will there be another event for the AP ruby/sapphire? I finished opening all my pouches and RNG hates me in this game (no gems or 100 bundles ;___;) so I was wondering if there will be another way to get these gems	bladeandsoul	1468693262
How important is FM's HM Phantom Grip/Chi Bomb/Multiple Blaze? We're getting our HM 4 (Phantom Grip) this patch right?  The damage numbers on Chi Bomb and Multiple Blaze look flat-out broken.  How good/important is this skill for PvE and PvP?I don't think this should affect the answer, but I'm a PvE only HM9 620 AP with HM LMB and HM parry Impact, and I only have enough points/money for one other HM skill (Force Blast, Blazing Beam, or Chi Bomb/Multiple Blaze).	bladeandsoul	1468943367
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1469045159
Savings with Oceanic Nebula Stone Key:MTS = Moonwater Transformation StoneSTS = Silverfrost Transformation StoneMS = MoonstoneSS = SoulstoneFS = Frozen StingerNS = Naryu SilverNT = Naryu Tablet$ = Gold (no clan or premium)&amp;nbsp;Awakened Siren to True Siren:* MTS: 4 -&gt; 3 = 1 MTS* SS: 70 -&gt; 50 = 20 SS* Machismo: 8 -&gt; 5 = 3 Machismo* NS: 5 -&gt; 3 = 2 NS* Warrior Token: 50 -&gt; 15 = 35 Warrior Token (thank god)* $: 29 -&gt; 20 = 9 gold&amp;nbsp;True Siren to Awakened Oathbreaker:* STS: 2 -&gt; 1 = 1 STS* MS: 13 -&gt; 9 = 4 MS* SS: 40 -&gt; 35 = 5 SS* FS: 50 -&gt; 35 = 15 FS* NS: 2 -&gt; 1 = 1 NS* $: 25 -&gt; 17 = 8 gold&amp;nbsp;Awakened Oathbreaker to True Oathbreaker:* STS: 3 -&gt; 2 = 1 STS* MS: 17 -&gt; 13 = 4 MS* SS: 60 -&gt; 40 = 20 SS* FS: 60 -&gt; 40 = 20 FS* NS: 3 -&gt; 2 = 1 NS* $: 33 -&gt; 23 = 10 gold&amp;nbsp;True Oathbreaker to Awakened Python/Yeti/Scorpio:* STS: 4 -&gt; 3 = 1 STS* MS: 22 -&gt; 16 = 6 MS* SS: 70 -&gt; 60 = 10 SS* FS: 70 -&gt; 50 = 20 FS* NT: 5 -&gt; 3 = 2 NT* $: 44 -&gt; 30 = 14 gold&amp;nbsp;Awakened Python/Yeti/Scorpio to True Python/Yeti/Scorpio:* STS: 6 -&gt; 5 = 1 STS* MS: 29 -&gt; 25 = 4 MS* SS: 90 -&gt; 80 = 10 SS* FS: 80 -&gt; 70 = 10 FS* NT: 7 -&gt; 5 = 2 NT* $: 58 -&gt; 53 = 5 gold&amp;nbsp;Up to you to decide if it's worth it getting the oceanic weapon to stage 5 lul	bladeandsoul	1469049963
What should FM do against Taikhan? Problem:I'm doing 4 man Shattered Masts with some of my friends, and I'm always having trouble staying alive after he throws his water blob to create the safe zone.  The problem I have is, the safe zone is so small that I'm forced to melee the boss inside, as out of range of his attacks = inside the corrupted water.  This is incredibly frustrating because FM doesn't have a spammmable block, so I take a ton of damage from his attacks.  Q, E, and SS all take me outside of it, and I have no gap closer to get back in, so that's not really viable either.  The poison does an absolutely insane amount of damage and anything I do inevitably kills me.  My only % healing skills are Divine Veil (C), which I need to save to block his thorns, and Frost Armor (Tab), which has a very long cooldown.&amp;nbsp;Additional possibly relevant information:I (Kataniss, NA Poharan) am 50 HM9 with 650 APComp is FM Destroyer Summoner KFMMain SS set is 12468 Asura 357 Be Ido (glass cannon with crit infusion), secondary SS set is 123 Naksun 468 Lab 57 Scorpio (full tank with crit defense infusion, used in SSP sometimes)I have HM Inferno and HM Impact (the PvP one) and HM Blazing Palm, but not HM Force Blast or HM Blazing Beam&amp;nbsp;Questions:Any tips for me on how to not get wrecked by his attacks?How do you cleanse off the poison?What SS set should I use, and are there any notable skills aside from the normal ones I should spec?Overall, what should FM do in this fight?  Like a text guide format.Any tips from high gear or exp FMs would be appreciated.&amp;nbsp;I didn't find a single video of a 4 man Shattered Masts run from a FM point of view, so if anyone could link me one that would be nice.	bladeandsoul	1469325257
Has anyone been able to solo the mobs in Twisted Grimhorn Wilds? I just got to this point in the story where I'm supposed to kill 3 mighty warriors or witch doctors, and I'm straight-up stuck.  Even the little mobs hit as hard as the bosses in Frostscale Basin or Beastbog.  I have a 620 FM, 530 BD, and 480 BM, and I can't do this with any of my 3 characters.  There is no human player within a 100-meter range of me.  I know about the poison mechanic with the mushrooms, but the mushrooms are in inconvenient places far away from the mobs (which are ranged) and take way too long to respawn so I don't have an ample supply of poison cleansing.  Anyone know how you're supposed to do this?Edit: Why the downvotes?  Hello?  I'm asking how to kill giant packs of mobs in a cancerously designed zone with no spammable block and you guys shit on me for not being able to play my class?  While I've cleared every 4-man dungeon in the game?  I've never bothered to step foot into this area, and this is the obvious example why I am never doing this 24 man zone.  How the fuck was I supposed to know the arrangement?  Thanks a lot, Reddit.	bladeandsoul	1469468294
Is NCSoft ever adding the Silverfrost Hongmoon skills to the achievement merchant? I'm talking about the Yeti book, Necro book, Nexus book, Asura Ember, Offals, etc.  Will they be offered in the achievement merchant shop the same way the BSH books are?  I have a ton of achievement points on my main and I really don't want to drop almost 400g for HM Block on an alt ;__;	bladeandsoul	1469596520
On the topic of dead content, can we try to make farming Misty Woods Insignias less cancerous? I have 100g sitting in my inventory and all the mats for True Siren necklace.  The problem is, I can't get the Misty Woods Insignias required for Misty Woods Necklace, the Awakened Siren level 5 breakthrough necklace, because I need 30 Misty Woods Crimson Legion Insignias.  Reds are camping Misty Woods 24/7, half of them are overgeared as hell so they completely stomp me (I'm doing this on my BM so I don't really have a chance since most of the reds are summoners with assassin masks and PvP spec so...rip my asshole).  Misty Woods is probably considered "dead content" now, so nobody from blue is willing to help kill the high geared reds, despite me repeatedly asking faction chat.  I understand this made sense during level 45 patch, but now, what's the point of having to grind so long here to farm insignias?  Can't they just make the item buyable with gold or faction insignias or valor stones or something less cancerous than these shitty PvP-locked things?~~On a totally unrelated note, if anyone on Poharan/Iksanun blue is willing to help me farm insignias and kill the red trolls instead of downvoting a post about a serious issue, that would be much appreciated.~~ thank you clanmates for helping my undergeared alt lol	bladeandsoul	1469686259
F8 room makers, would you let a BM bypass your posted gear requirements if he/she had HM Block? I want to farm 4-man dungeons on my FM main (620 AP) and 6-man dungeons on my BM alt (500 AP).  I would like to know the general consensus about this issue ahead of time so I don't waste my money on something that doesn't give me AP.	bladeandsoul	1469726390
Anyone else not getting the same Pokemon they caught in their box? I just had a captured Diglett actually turn out in my box to be a Weepinbell, a Pidgey actually turn out to be an Ekans, and a Horsea actually turn out to be a Goldeen.  Is this happening to anyone else?  What kind of crazy bug happened this time?	pokemongo	1470107324
How am I getting hit while grabbing/grappling/phantom gripping someone? I'm lazy so I want to do the PvP daily today.   Aaaaaaand I'm now 0-5 and extremely frustrated because I can somehow never get a win.  I'm playing FM and BD (I know BM is trash at PvP anyway so I just grinded that out, took me a hell of a long time to get a win though).  Aside from assassin and summoner, 2 classes I think should get removed from PvP or heavily nerfed because they're broken to shit, there are 2 things I don't know what's going on:1. How come people are all of a sudden so good today?  I don't usually do PvP at all, so on days where PvP is the daily challenge I should end up matched against noobs since I'm still 1300.  But today like every single person I play against actually does PvP and seem to be good at it, so I don't understand why the matchmaking is so screwed all of a sudden.  I just want to get my damn daily done.2. On my FM and BD, I phantom grip someone to do damage/stall for cooldowns.  But I find that I'm randomly taking damage while they're gripped?  I understand that Tab escape with 2 points in it breaks grabs, but I know for sure that's not what they're using.  Every single time I grip them, they're hitting me with some attack and I have no idea what it is, so I take a ton of free damage while they're supposed to be disabled.  Is this...supposed to be not OP somehow?  How do you hit someone while they're grabbing/grappling/phantom gripping you?	bladeandsoul	1470376880
How do you beat assassin and summoner in arena? I play FM (HM Impact and HM PvE Inferno), BD (HM Lightning Draw), and BM (HM Lightning Draw and HM Block/Parry).  I have absolutely no idea what to do against assassin or summoner, and I get stomped pretty much every time.  I think I have an average of 20% win rate against those 2 classes, and the times I win it's a 3rd round win against a bronzie when I have less than 20% HP remaining lol.  How are you supposed to counter the assassin's perma-stealth then bomb/flashbang that never lets you hit them?  What do you do when you get perma-CC'd by the cat while the summoner just wails on you?  I simply end up going afk when I'm against either of those 2 because it saves me the mental pain of getting wrecked over and over again.  I just want to get my damn 1v1 win daily done.  What the actual fuck am I supposed to do against these cancerous classes that should never have been put in arena (alternately nerf them to the ground).Any experienced FM, BD, or BM arena players are welcome to give advice.	bladeandsoul	1470378165
How do I get Augment Cache Fragments? I just bought the 4 IP boxes and now I'm at 2/3 Augment Cache Fragments for another box.  How do I get another Augment Cache Fragment?  I don't see it in the store for RP.  What do the Augment Bundle and Augment Essence Bundle contain?  This whole PROJECT Disruption hextech crafting is super confusing tbh.Also, I got PROJECT Leona from the gold box, which is a skin I already have.  What am I supposed to do with it?  Was I supposed to get a new skin (I was hoping for Katarina) or did I just get unlucky?Edit: ignore this post, resolved	leagueoflegends	1470764739
Cheapest and easiest way to get to 650 AP? I'm HM 9 True Scorpio (not gonna go legendary until I max out my accessories) and I only have 618 AP on my highest damage set (628 with Awakened Oathbreaker Bracelet instead of Asura, 623 on my PvP set that doesn't have 3+5 piece Asura bonus).  I keep on getting kicked from the elitist 650+ Asura/Masts/Gloom parties (even though as an FM with Asura bracelet I do as much damage as an average 650) and I want to be able to ninja my way in then switch to my real loadout later.  I see other people on True Scorpio with much higher AP than me (like 650, 660, even 680) and I don't understand why.  What is the cheapest and easiest way to cheese my way to 650 AP, disregarding all other stats?  Can I get it without upgrading?My info: http://bnscoffee.com/character/NA/KatanissEdit: I logged out with my PvP set on, my real set is 12468 Asura + 357 Be IdoEdit 2: Awk that explains a lot I forgot that 35 AP diamond existed lolEdit 3: I listened to you guys, I got 35 AP diamond and upgraded my bracelet twice with help of 2 nebula stones and a small loan ~~of a million gold~~ from some clanmates and I'm at 644 now (will be 652 with HM10) ty all everything is resolved	bladeandsoul	1471021378
Will faction insignias be account bound as well? Since the new weapon path uses Silverfrost refining stones and faction insignias as non-tradeable materials, and they already said refining stones will be account bound (so you can farm them on mains to gear alts), will they do the same for faction insignias?  I have like 600 sitting on my FM main from SSP, and it's kinda ridiculous to re-farm them there on my 500 AP BM with True Oathbreaker who probably won't even get credit lol.	bladeandsoul	1471208199
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1471282219
Living in Emeryville as a student? I am in a housing predicament right now.  I am a 5th year finishing my degree in December and looking for a job during fall hoping to start in January.  I still don't have housing for the fall semester.  I know some people are still looking for people to fill rooms in Emeryville for this year's lease.  My question is, do you think it is worth it to live farther away from Berkeley if I am only going to school for a semester?Edit: I have a car.	berkeley	1471486107
FM, BD, or BM with new skills? I currently main FM and keep a BD and BM somewhat geared to dick around on, but I heard BD and BM are getting huge buffs though?  Which class is best if you account for the skill changes and new awakened skills?  Anyone playing on Korea or Taiwan can answer?	bladeandsoul	1471509130
will the offals and/or asura ember/chilling flame elixir be in the trove event? i want to get my offal skill so i hope they're in the trove to make prices lower lol	bladeandsoul	1471575694
How do you play BM PvP? I've had it.  I straight-up cannot PvP with BM.  I literally cannot win a single matchup against anyone except against an AFK deranker or a really shitty FM without HM Impact.  I'm level 50 HM6, this is my 3rd character, I've only been playing BM for 2 months, and I have HM Lightning Draw and HM Block, soon to have HM Breeze.  Every class somehow stunlocks me and either 100-0s me instantly or kites me to death.  I don't understand how this is happening: either I'm always facing people many ranks above me/smurfing or I just have no idea what I'm doing.  This is actually retarded.  I'm currently 0-9 and all I want to do is finish this stupid daily and get this over with.  So a few questions:1. Can someone give me a build and explain any controversial/out of the ordinary skill points?  I don't have money for the offals for HM Soaring Falcon, and I know that HM Blade Strike is garbage.2. What openers do you use and what is the best one?3. How do you do the 100-0 Blade Call combo?  On a related note, how do you keep an enemy from running out of Blade Call?4. What are some detailed combos you can use?  Detailed, I don't want any half-assed explanations (preferably, unless there is no other choice lol).5. How do you escape being locked down in snare/chill/gap closer block?  I can't spin my way out like I would on my BD.6. What do you use to regenerate focus?7. What specific tips are there against each class?8. Are there any detailed guides that are easy to read/watch out there?Please just let me get out of this hell ;____; thank you.  Serious replies only.	bladeandsoul	1471733577
PvP matchmaking balance: Is there any way to avoid being matched up against the same person/class twice in a row? It's incredibly frustrating having to fight 4 summoners in a row  and getting one-shotted by all of them or getting the same FM with HM Impact twice who perma-freezes and perfect combos me and clearly belongs much higher, when I all I want to do is to finish a damn daily.  Please tell me that there is a way to not get the same person/class twice in a row.  If not, please fix the PvP matchmaking algorithm to avoid smurfs and same classes in consecutive matches; it's horribly balanced and completely anti-fun.	bladeandsoul	1471910509
Is there a particular reason FM can't grab bosses? I just got my Multiple Blaze/defense cancel Phantom Grip today, and it got me thinking about FM's Phantom Grip in general.  I find it funny that Team Bloodlust doesn't want FM to be able to Phantom Grip bosses, when all other classes can grab/grapple/phantom grip bosses.  Is there a particular reason for that?  I feel like it would be very helpful for Desolate Tomb, Ebondrake Citadel, and Hell Blast Furnace where we have to use a Destroyer or Lyn Blade Master to stall time in order to delay a party-wiping mechanic.	bladeandsoul	1472011695
What I just realized about loading screens... After doing Whirlwind Valley, I just realized that the technology really is there to skip loading screens.  For those of you who haven't done 6v6, when you die, there is no loading screen and you go straight back to your spawning platform.  Why can't this be implemented in dungeons?  It would save so much time, considering that my computer sucks and I usually spend about 30 seconds or more loading in, which can cause me to waste my party's time (wiping to a boss), miss loot (Nexus pieces), or fail to get quest progress (Chuanka Frost Cavern).	bladeandsoul	1472078449
BM HM Fire Lightning Draw So I noticed that BM's new fire Lightning Draw is the 5000 zen bean skill (instead of the useless skill it used to be)...does that mean we should get that HM skill now?	bladeandsoul	1472091739
Why does 6v6 take off weapon durability? They changed it so that arena 1v1 and tag don't consume weapon durability, why does Whirlwind Valley do that?  I think this is kinda inconsistent and should be changed.	bladeandsoul	1472168766
General soul shield guide for the rest of the year Going to repost this for the new patch so we don't inevitably get another influx of new "what is the best soul shield now" posts like we do literally every other day.&amp;nbsp;Hey fellow crickets,I have seen a lot of posts on here asking about what soul shields people should get, so to clean up the posts a little I have decided to write the soul shield guide I usually copy/paste whenever someone asks in this text post, plus a bit more.  Remember, the BiS soul shield is the same for ALL CHARACTERS.  It does not depend on what class you are; everyone is heavily reliant on crit and accuracy.&amp;nbsp;The BiS level 50 soul shields this patch are:Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these, for people around 400 AP/Awakened Infernal accessories): 57 Bloodshade + some Labyrinth Bloodshade mix/Full Silverfrost Valor50 with a little bit of money (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these, for people around 450 AP/Awakened Infernal accessories) Full Northern Critical/Full Yeti/some mix of Yeti and ScorpioLow accuracy set (use this if you have less than 1300 accuracy with no piece 6 equipped, for people around 500 AP/True Siren accessories): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/Twisted*Standard set (for people around 550 AP/Awakened [boss] accessories): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/Twisted*High geared (for people around 600 AP/True [boss] accessories): 12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this, might not even be better than the set up there ^): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerWhirlwind Valley 6v6: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/124 Sparring + 35678 ChallengerSecondary stats: Critical &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (only if you have like infernal earring), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (6v6)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.&amp;nbsp;Many soul shields follow the same format as to what stats they give.  Each of these progressions give the same primary and secondary rolls on every piece, but the later ones simply have higher numbers.  The soul shield progression for the rest of the year is:Bloodshade (*BSH*) -&gt; Yeti (*Avalanche Den*) -&gt; Be Ido (*Sundered Nexus*) -&gt; Twisted (*Twisted Grimhorn Wilds + Zaiwei Ruins + Gloomdross Incursion + Shattered Masts*) -&gt; Oblivion (*Desolate Tomb*)Labyrinth (*Naryu Labyrinth*) -&gt; Asura (*Sogun's Lament*) -&gt; Ebondrake (*Ebondrake Citadel*)Endless Tower (*Mushin's Tower F4-7*) -&gt; Mushin (*Mushin's Tower F8.1-8.2*) -&gt; Scorpio (*Awakened Necropolis*) -&gt; Sparring (*Tower of Infinity F20-29*) -&gt; Naksun (*Mushin's Tower F12-15*) -&gt; Challenger (*Tower of Infinity F30+*)&amp;nbsp;Once new dungeons are released, replace each piece with the piece that follows it in the same list.  For example, if you currently have 12348 Asura + 567 Yeti, you should work toward 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/Twisted next.So the best soul shields for the end of this year are:PvE (your class's legendary SS effect is literally useless, or you're lazy): 12468 Ebondrake + 357 Oblivion*High level PvE (your class has bad 8 piece legendary SS effect, requires tons of grinding and probably a clan): 12345 Night Wind + 678 OblivionHigh level PvE (your class has good 8 piece legendary SS effect, requires tons of grinding and probably a clan): 12345678 Night WindPvP: 124 Sparring + 35678 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal/Masterwork Critical (PvE), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal/Masterwork Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;Hope this helps!	bladeandsoul	1472245033
DPS meter in mechanic-heavy dungeons... I just got flamed for doing low DPS in Nexus...when I was doing drills every single time and killing little robots when the AoE didn't cover them.  Are people seriously gonna be like this now?  Using the DPS meter as an excuse to flaunt your e-peen and shit on people who do mechanics properly?  Jesus Christ, grow up, we cleared the dungeon easily, that's all that matters, nobody cares about the rest.Also, you're welcome for the sheath.  Good luck surviving earthquake without me.	bladeandsoul	1472599406
Does a failed retake (not replacing grade) count toward the 12 unit grade replacement limit? (specific case in text) Example (divided by semester):&amp;nbsp;Class Alpha Try 1: DClass Beta Try 1: D&amp;nbsp;Class Alpha Try 2: BClass Beta Try 2: DClass Gamma Try 1: DClass Omega Try 1: D&amp;nbsp;Class Beta Try 3: In progress, will probably be higher than DClass Gamma Try 2: In progress, will probably be higher than DClass Omega Try 2: In progress, will probably be higher than D&amp;nbsp;Does the failed retake of Class Beta count toward the 12 unit limit?&amp;nbsp;If it counts, Class Alpha's retaken grade doesn't count, because it only calculates the 3 most recently retaken classes, which are Beta, Gamma, and Omega.  However, since Beta is taken 3 times, the 3rd (better than the previous 2) grade for that class should not be counted in the GPA and the overall GPA will rise a minimal amount.If it doesn't count, then Class Beta is not counted as retaken and all 3 grades are counted in the GPA.  However, Class Alpha's retaken grade counts, so the 3 retaken classes would be Alpha, Gamma, and Omega, which has a higher overall GPA than the previous case.&amp;nbsp;Anyone know what the correct answer is here?	berkeley	1472763234
1 crit ruby or (general) AP gem? I have True Scorpio and 4 gem slots (35 AP diamond, 3 AP hexagonal life drain amethyst, flawless hexagonal event peridot), and I don't want to open any gem slots as I will lose them when I go legendary anyway.  I have space for either 1 crit ruby or 5 AP hexagonal event citrine but not both.  Is a 1 crit ruby or general AP gem (peridot/citrine/sapphire/emerald) better?  I'm not sure if my damage formula (skill multiplier * AP * (1 - crit + crit * crit dmg) ) works for the 1 crit ruby.I'm a 670 60% crit FM, if it makes any difference.	bladeandsoul	1473205653
no text for post found	askscience	1473374484
Cold Storage courtesy: orbs = stingers Apparently people somehow still don't know about this lmao.  But in Cold Storage, Winter Mane always drops an orb and a stinger, and Kaari Lord drops a stinger.  If your party has enough orbs to summon Kaari Lord, the common courtesy is that the orb in the loot table belongs to everyone and is the one used, and the people who provide the other 2 orbs get the single stingers from Winter Mane and Kaari Lord for free.  Everything else is up for grabs.  It works the same way as scale = stinger or scale = loot for Heaven's Mandate; if someone pays for your run that would not be free otherwise, they have a right to have a slightly larger share of the loot.  If you check the marketplace, orbs are worth more than stingers, so the people using orbs lose money putting them in even if they get the stinger that offsets a bit of their loss.  Just putting this out there to remind everyone because I've run into a lot of people who don't respect this and end up making me not want to use my orbs.	bladeandsoul	1473545222
Where do we get Chromatic and Tormented weapons? When I hover over it in my weapon upgrade window, it doesn't say anything.Edit: Do the Tormented and Accursed weapons drop from both 6 man and 4 man versions, or just 4 man?	bladeandsoul	1473633165
Can't buy football tickets So now the school is selling tickets for single games, right?  I want to buy a ticket to the Cal-UCLA game, but whenever I click on "buy tickets," I get taken to a page with a bunch of Asian characters and weird symbols.  Is this a bug on their end or an issue with my browser?  I typically use Google Chrome with AdBlock and RES.	berkeley	1473708105
6v6 with legendary pets is incredibly broken and unfair Since when did NCSoft decide it was a good idea to give people PvE damage and PvP survivability?  It's so incredibly fun and balanced to be CCed and RNG crit to death while never being able to do enough damage back.  God forbid they're a summoner, assassin, or KFM with all their bullshit resists so most of the hits you do land don't even go through.0-4 now.  Almost entirely due to whales.  Cool.  RIP my weapon durability.  RIP my time.  RIP my gold chat emblem.  There seriously need to be at least a tiny bit of balance in here.  Literally 80% of the people I play against have legendary weapon, most of those over 700 AP, and Challenger SS.  I just want to play against people my own level.  What am I supposed to do with a Scorpio weapon and Naksun/Lab SS?  All this does is broaden the gap between the average player and the P2W players.  Why isn't gear normalized even the slightest bit?  Like...nerf the high gear people a little bit and buff the low gear people a little bit?  It doesn't have to be equal, just more fair.  Is that so hard to do?	bladeandsoul	1473905093
Fire chief guide Can anyone write up a detailed guide on how to get the fast kill Lord of the Flame achievement for Fire Chief title?  I'm talking detailed like __exactly__ what to do in every single moment of the fight from the first fire phase jump to the last lightning grab and fire phase with random AoEs.  Which classes do you need in a 6-man comp to get the achievement (I'm thinking FM, Warlock, KFM/Assassin, BD/Destroyer, optional BM, some filler)?  What should the minimum average gear level of the party be?  I'm the FM who either does marker or 3-man conductor.  What additional mechanics does each class have to do (besides the normal mechanics like lava, party iframes, conduction, stall for electrostatic buff, etc.)?  When is each class supposed to grab/air combo/buff?  I didn't find any guides anywhere on this subreddit or on Google, so I figured this would be helpful in helping people (like me lol) get this achievement.Edit: My info is http://bnscoffee.com/character/NA/Kataniss if that is relevant	bladeandsoul	1474272230
Reminder: Yeti's HP got nerfed. So no, F8 elitists, you do not need 600 AP for yeti.  I did it on my 550 BM in a party with no buffs and we didn't even hit the 2nd cold phase.  It's not fun trying so hard to find a party only to get cucked by everyone making 600 rooms which results in everyone leaving mine.	bladeandsoul	1474332029
Can I appeal a towing fee? I think my car may have been towed a couple days ago; I don't use it regularly and park it on the street in front of my house with a street parking permit, so I was pretty sure it was okay.  However, it was not there when I just happened to notice while leaving for my midterm yesterday.  What do I do now?  Is there any way to get the fee waived or reduced?	berkeley	1474485501
How do you derank in 6v6? I just got enough whirlwind tokens and bravery to get my ember skill (it's a luxury for FM btw, but i already have every skill except for HM daze Dragonchar which is cheap/useless), but I just realized that I need 100 wins to buy it.  How am I supposed to do this?  How are you even supposed to get 100 wins in this game mode?  I've hit the elo where it's incredibly difficult for me to win a game because half the enemies have legendary weapons and almost all of my teammates have PvE SS.  I literally cannot win enough games to get the 100 win achievement.  I want to derank back to bronze so I can stomp people and farm my wins so I can buy my ember skill.  Is there any easy way to do this like the way you derank in 1v1/3v3?	bladeandsoul	1474494324
Are chroma IP sales coming back? I just noticed that the chromas that were available to buy for 2000 IP a few weeks back aren't available to buy with IP anymore.  Was it just a temporary thing?  Are they coming back anytime soon?  I thought it would have been a permanent thing, and it would have been really nice for people like me who have all champions and runes and nothing to spend excess IP on.	leagueoflegends	1474605880
Anyone else randomly DCing in 6v6? I'm trying to farm 6v6 for the 100 win achievement, and I just randomly get disconnected from the server so many times.  I'm using Windows 10, BNSArk, and Mudfish to play.  This is really frustrating because I'm not getting credit for any of my matches .___. When I try to run diagnostics, it only says "The remote device or resource won't accept the connection," even though all of my Internet works fine.  I didn't have this problem yesterday.  Anyone else have this problem, starting super recently?	bladeandsoul	1475203738
NCSoft, please fix the 6v6 servers. Yesterday and today, I've been getting disconnected mid-game all day.  I just got kicked from a game where our team was 1000 points over the other one and I had the most kills on my team.  I've been robbed of almost 20 wins now.  This is seriously beyond frustrating.  All I want to do is get this stupid 100 win achievement before this game mode becomes dead next patch.  Many of my teammates have been reporting lag issues as well.  I know I made a post yesterday, but I am now 100% sure it is their problem and not mine.  For the love of god, NCSoft, please fix your shitty servers.Edit: I queued back in and got into a shitty team with all PvE SS.  Thanks game.  So fucking balanced.	bladeandsoul	1475287544
At the conclusion of the Whirlwind Valley event: this is the worst designed event I have ever experienced. For starters, I am a basically PvE only player, and I absolutely hate PvP because I think that is horribly designed.  But that's a different topic.* Gear imbalance.  Nothing needs to be said here.  It's not fun getting stomped by people with legendary weapons and maxed pets while my team has people with True Breeze every game, as much as people say it is a "challenge."  I myself have 90k HP and 1.2k crit defense, and I still get 0 counterplay one-shotted by BMs with stage 4 legendary.  What a fun and balanced gaming experience.  On that note...* A game mode that requires people to have PvP-specific gear.  Most of the time I am 1 out of 1 or 2 people in my party who actually has a tank/crit defense soul shield.  Why the fuck are people coming in this with full PvE sets then complaining when they get blown up?  It should be a requirement to have more than 365 crit defense (that's Sparring set bonus) and 70k HP before being able to queue for 6v6.  People who do tower also have an advantage over people like me, so that really doesn't help either.* Matchmaking.  Why is my entire team of silvers vs 4 golds?  Is this not basic mathematics?  Also why are 40k HP bronzes on my team every now and then?  I suspect duo queue is to blame for this, so my suggestion is to implement League's dynamic queue: do not allow people too far from each other to queue together.* Mode-specific skill changes.  Is it intended that this is not a thing?  It's not fun being stunlocked to death with no counterplay or getting blown up the instant I get restraint grabbed/gripped or having to deal with a perma-resist KFM with HM Counter.  I'm pretty sure the skills were designed for PvE and 1v1/3v3 balance...some 6v6-specific changes need to be in order.* Class elitism.  Literally, whichever team has more summoners and assassins wins.  I'm sorry that I can't do jack shit except stall forever only to have my braindead team not be able to kill anyone or capture points.  It must be so hard to just hold down RMB or smash all buttons in stealth, right?  I don't care what you say, it is absolutely true that some classes are better than others.* Server problems.  I have had so many games where I was doing fine and suddenly get disconnected.  Email, Facebook, Reddit, Youtube, hell, even League, all work perfectly fine.  The disconnecting tanked my rating from 1670 to 1530, and all I get in my games nowadays is nothing but frustration.  I understand losing elo, but I don't think my MMR should have been lowered because of something that was entirely NCSoft's fault.* The requirement to have 100 wins to buy anything meaningful from the WWV vendor.  Like, why the fuck is this even a thing?  I have all the required currency, why can I not just get it right now?  It makes absolutely 0 sense.  I have been grinding 6v6 for the past week trying to get this achievement, and it is legitimately almost impossible in a reasonable amount of time.  I have literally had to sacrifice daily challenges in order to get this done.  Events should be made to supplement normal healthy gameplay, not take away from it.I appreciate NCSoft trying to make Whirlwind Valley "popular," but they failed to take into account the fact that only a very very small percentage of people actually enjoy 6v6.  Mark my words, this game mode will be dead instantly after tomorrow.  Downvote me all you want, but good luck to those who didn't get their 100 win achievements or Dragonmaster, because you will never be able to get it in the entirety of the future of this game./rant	bladeandsoul	1475611260
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1475699240
Anyone else DCing a lot more this patch? I'm running BnS with Mudfish, and I found that I have been DCing a lot more this patch (Ebondrake Citadel patch) than before.  I keep on getting the "Disconnected from server" error basically every other dungeon, while the rest of my Internet works fine.  I still hate how I'm getting instantly kicked from the game and then having to relog twice (due to the account already logged in bug) every single time this happens, and it drives me crazy because either people have to wait for me to finish dungeons or I cannot finish dungeons at all.  Anyone else having this problem as well?	bladeandsoul	1475918416
Demon Hunter guide Same question about the new dungeon because I'm always like 30-60s off these achievements no matter what my party is...idk what's going on &gt;.&gt;Can anyone write up a detailed guide on how to get the fast kill Zakhan achievement for Demon Hunter title? I'm talking detailed like **exactly** what to do in every single moment of the fight from the first hit to the last marking phase. Which classes do you need in a 6-man comp to get the achievement (I'm thinking FM, BM, Warlock, KFM/Assassin, BD/Destroyer, another buff class, some filler)?  What should the minimum average gear level of the party be?  What phases do we have to skip, and what phases can we absolutely not skip?  I didn't find any guides anywhere on this subreddit or on Google, so I figured this would be helpful in helping people (like me lol) get this achievement.Edit: My info is http://bnscoffee.com/character/NA/Kataniss if that is relevant	bladeandsoul	1476149738
FM-specific tips for Ebondrake Citadel After running this dungeon a few times and figuring out the mechanics pretty much perfectly, these are a few things FMs can do on top of the normal dungeon mechanics to help have smoother runs.  If you want overall dungeon mechanics, the search bar is --&gt; right over there, and there are quite a few good video and text guides written by various other Redditors.  These are just a few little things FMs can do to make it a bit easier for everyone.&amp;nbsp;Twisted Bukka:* Stun is the easiest CC, so youre terrible if you miss this one.  Alternately, please get 120% accuracy, like you were supposed to 5 patches ago.  Be Ido and Oblivion 6 give over 300 accuracy and the other pieces give generous crit, so there really isnt any excuse to coming into this dungeon with under 118% accuracy or under 47% crit.* FM can handle daze well if there is no summoner.  If you think Bukka is about to do the AoE, it is okay to slow down your DPS (I literally use RL2 only once every 2 seconds at this time and just spam RMB the rest) and prepare to frost sheath the AoE that knocks everyone back.  Then, simply waltz in and throw down Heatwave and youre good.  Bukka has a VERY generous enrage timer, so protecting party members + doing mechanics &gt;&gt; DPS.  If he does the daze AoE twice in a rowwell, may God have mercy on your soul.* If there is a summoner in your party, remember that they cannot daze if you sheath because it ices their cat and they cannot break their cat out of it, so make sure to communicate with them to see if they would prefer to seed shroud/iframe themselves then cat daze instead.  The 2 of you figure it out.&amp;nbsp;Twisted Magolka:* Call out which CC youre doing.  You absolutely must communicate with your party so that you dont stack all your CCs at the same time.  You should be doing 1 of the 3 CCs with Glacial Beam, so just say whether youre taking 1st, 2nd, or 3rd and the rest of the party will do the rest.* If youre on CC duty (your team has at least half BM/KFM/Warlock/SF), you can take 2 CCs by yourself.  Same deal as above, say which 1 or 2 you are doing so the rest of the party doesnt waste theirs.* If youre on parry duty (your team has few BMs/KFMs/WLs), remember that Magolka will charge at the farthest person after every interrupted AoE.  If that happens to be you, get ready to parry his charge with Firestorm.  Try your best not to shit on the melees when he does this; his charge does a lot of damage and it is not fun to tank.&amp;nbsp;Bale Phantom Zakhan:* The best time to use Meteor Storm is when he is standing still.  This is either when he does his Hae Mujin/Asura-like meteor attack or during his marking phase.  Remember to burn him beforehand for maximum 420 blaze it d33ps.* Exceptions: If you have Baleful + 10 stacks or a Warlock in party who is about to use Soulburn, the best time to use Meteor Storm is immediately, because itll get reset anyway.* Channeling Multiple Blaze DOES NOT break stealth, only starting the cast does.  You also continue doing damage in stealth.  Therefore, the best time (well only time, really) to use Multiblaze (make sure you have at least 5 focus) is as his arm comes up and arrives near the top, right before he fires the projectile that would normally stealth everyone; you will start channeling the skill about 1 second before you get stealthed, so you will be able to DPS through the entire stealth phase without AFKing.* When Zakhan is marking someone and grabs a fake marker, use frost sheath.  This will ice the person getting grabbed, prevent him from taking damage, and drop him right at the feet of the boss.  This way, the fake marker doesnt have to risk burning tab escape and run a million miles over to where the rest of the group is in order to complete the mechanic; he can just press F to release from sheath and walk like half a meter to where everyone else is.  Before 90%, you can sheath any time you want* ABSOLUTELY DO NOT SHEATH DARK VOID UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!!  If youre really morbidly curious, go for it...I guess.  Everyone will either laugh really hard or rage at you and scream that they fucked your mother.  Kappa.&amp;nbsp;Thats pretty much all I have for now.  Feel free to add more in comments below.	bladeandsoul	1476538600
Why aren't mysterious crystals account bound? I have 3 Hongmoon hexagonal rubies from Daily Dash and last trove, and I have everything to make the hepta except for the mysterious crystals.  I have 3 characters that I do stuff on; I already have a few on each of my alts and would have enough to make the hepta through this event (by spending a non-ridiculous amount of gold/money on resets then buying with memory coins).   This makes this item completely useless on alts.  Whats the point of making these character bound?	bladeandsoul	1476543798
Uh, are you guys okay? http://imgur.com/XPfeeUXApparently Ogong's Folly bugged us and the miniboss never spawned because the two NPCs faced the wrong way for some reason....NCSoft please.	bladeandsoul	1476941901
Upgrade to legendary or wait? I've been sitting on True Scorpio (6 slot) for almost 4 months now.  I (http://bnscoffee.com/character/NA/Kataniss) am HM10 689 AP with max F2P gear in every slot, with 5 flawless hexagonal gems and Destiny Ring on top of that, and the only things I am missing to hit max gear (again, not counting gems) are Baleful Bangle and Oath Necklace.  I also have 5 SPTS, 33 STS, 1000 stingers, 200 moonstones, 60 tablets, 60 ornaments, 10 flowers, and 5 skins in my vault (aka pretty much everything needed to get to stage 4 immediately).I have heard of a legendary nebula stone event on other servers that drastically decreases the cost of upgrading from True Scorpio to Baleful/Seraph Stage 1.  Can anyone confirm this?  Does anyone know if we are getting this in NA/EU?  Is it worth upgrading to legendary now?I have cleared all content in the game (besides ToI 40+) with my gear (albeit I got carried by 700s in 4m Tomb and Citadel) and am more or less happy with where I am, so I want to be absolutely sure of what I am doing before I blow over 2k gold worth of materials.	bladeandsoul	1477064960
Help for FM build after patch and awakened skill changes I looked at all the skill changes in the patch notes.  I am happy about most of these changes, but I have an enormous issue: I need HM14 to have enough points to spec everything I want in dungeons.  Therefore, it is no surprise that I, as a 700 HM10 84% PvE only FM with every single HM skill, need to give a few things up.  Aside from the obvious skills that are mandatory to make burn build playable, what else would you guys recommend with my limited points?&amp;nbsp;Mandatory:LMB Blazing Palm T5S2RMB Frost Palm T3S2F Dual Dragons T3S1Tab Second Wind T1S1 (normal)/T3S3 (Citadel)Tab Fire Storm/Heatwave (3 points, flex according to dungeon)Tab Frost Armor T1S11 Force Blast T5S32 Dragonchar T5S1 (warlock in party)/Blazing Beam T5S3 (no warlock in party)3 Glacial Beam T3S3X Inferno T5S1C Divine Veil T4S1V Meteor Shower T2S2V Frost Sheath T3S2SS Backstep 1 pointBurning Soul&amp;nbsp;Bonus points:RMB Extra points in Frost Palm?Tab Extra points in Frost Armor?F Fire Fury T3S1?F Frost Fury T3S3?4 Multiple Blaze T5S4?C Short Fuse T2S1&amp;nbsp;Out of the skills in the second part, which ones should I have and which ones should I cut?&amp;nbsp;Edit: https://beta.bnstree.com/tree/FM?b=S1xKUXpkx is my ideal HM14 build.	bladeandsoul	1477419649
New Daily Challenge spreadsheet (Beluga Lagoon patch) https://gyazo.com/b146999779617414e183b63cca22f3c4In approximate order of difficulty, with PvP quests at the bottom.Purple = purple dungeonBlue= blue dungeonGreen = non-silverfrost dungeonOrange = non-gear-equalized PvPRed = gear-equalized PvP	bladeandsoul	1477947811
How to do Master of Darkness as FM? I cannot for the life of me get this achievement.  I have literally been here for hours, burning through Bruiser Charms and Invigorating Mamosu Stews, resetting over and over again, and wasting field repair tools.  This seriously is absolutely beyond frustrating because I am always like 10 seconds off even when I rotate skills and debuffs properly.  I'm literally so fucking close.  Yet somehow it's not possible.  I have no idea why.  And yes I have used the search function on both Reddit and Youtube, so please don't tell me to do that in comments.I do the standard Frost Burst into Inferno-Meteor combo to start.  I burst him to 80%, use Short Fuse to burn him right as he goes in the middle for the first fire AoE, and drink a 6s resist pot.  This generally gets him to somewhere between 62 and 65% after the 4th fire AoE hits.  However, after this, something just goes inexplicably wrong.  He goes into a resist phase I can't avoid here.  I use Multiblaze on his second fire AoE (I can't burn him, so I need to use damage that isn't reliant on debuffs), but it doesn't do enough damage for some reason.  By the time I Short Fuse him at 3rd fire AoE, he is still at like 30 something % 50 seconds in, which is not enough time.  I have never been able to beat 1:12, and that was when I got super lucky too.My profile: http://bnscoffee.com/character/NA/KatanissMy stats (True Python Bracelet): 719 AP, 6232 (62%) crit, 1902 (233%) crit damageMy stats (True Python Bracelet + buffs): 734 AP, 6582 (63%) crit, 1902 (233%) crit damageMy stats (Binding Bracelet + buffs): 715 AP, 5646 (59%) crit, 2390 (248%) crit damageMy specs: 15-20 FPS, 150-200 ping (in-game indicator, not actually)I know this is possible at my gear because other people have done it with similar AP and no legendary accessories with like half a second to spare.  But I don't see why I can't do it.  Did they do it due to pure dumb luck and crit a lot during the fight?  Do I have to rely on RNG to get this achievement?  I am super frustrated right now because I don't know what's going on.  What am I doing wrong?  Is my FPS too low/ping too high to do this?  Do I need more gear to offset my FPS/ping?  Can someone write, record, or link a detailed, step-by-step (like saying exactly what to do every phase, every second, not just a quick video recording that says nothing) guide to getting Master of Darkness as an FM?	bladeandsoul	1478040082
Coming back to the game after a long break, who are the best/champions in each role? Title, I've decided to play some more Summoner's Rift instead of doing ARAM all the time.  Last time I played seriously, it was the league of tanks, and I played a lot of Maokai, Malphite, Ekko, Nautilus, Poppy, Lux, Varus, Viktor, and Zed.  I have literally no idea who to pick and ban nowadays, and champion.gg sorted by win rates doesn't tell me very much information.  I can also learn most champions to a playable-in-normals level relatively quickly.  Who are the best/most meta champions in each role?	leagueoflegends	1478068600
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1478069210
Sogun's Lament rant/mini-guide I seriously cannot believe how far we have come, and people STILL do not know how to fucking do this dungeon.  It has come to the point that I literally cannot clear the dungeon unless I make a 680+/700+ party for 4 man or 620+/650+ party for 6 man; not because we lack AP (most people are HM 8 with like 550+), but because either people keep failing mechanics or people fail mechanics which in turn lowers their effective DPS.  It was bad on release, but not THIS bad.  Everyone wants to 4-0 but keeps failing stacks.  Nobody knows how to CC adds.  People don't group for the boss.  And apparently most people do not know what a block skill is.  What the fuck happened to everyone?  Why does nobody have a brain all of a sudden?Jesus Christ.  Okay.  Here we go.  I'm going to go over some general mechanics in this mini-guide so parties don't go ENTIRELY to shit.  If you want a detailed and comprehensive guide, go use the search bar or look up a guide (FreedomPlays, YouTube, etc.).  For context, I have a 720 AP FM and 580 AP BM.&amp;nbsp;Before you go into the dungeon:* Every boss in the dungeon has 20% evade.  120% accuracy is needed to not miss any attacks.  Also it is recommended to have &gt;50% crit and reasonable AP as well.* The mechanics of the final boss require the party to have sufficient antidotes (Silverfrost Dungeon Antidote).  If nobody has antidotes and the party cannot do about 80k DPS over all members the dungeon is not clearable.* As of Beluga Lagoon patch, Asura's Brand has been removed, so Awakened Oathbreaker Belt is no longer necessary to resist the debuff.&amp;nbsp;Twin fatties (Ken/Gen):* Ken (gold) is on the left side of the river, and Gen (silver) is on the right side.  **DO NOT CROSS THE RIVER UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING.**  You will die instantly unless you have enough iframe mobility skills to cross, or a BM/BD uses HM Block for you.* Ken and Gen will occasionally throw pots on the field that always target the farthest person and leave damaging pools on the ground.  One character on each side, preferably ranged, should stand next to the wall when they are throwing pots and kite them so the melees don't get fucked.* Each time Ken/Gen does an AoE roar, they will gain one stack of Golden Deva/Silver Deva.  When they reach 4 stacks, they will do massive damage to any party members in range (which cannot be iframed) and gain a shield which reduces all damage taken by 90%.* To reset stacks back to 0, use double knockdown on the boss.  The boss will then jump to the other side of the river.  **IF THE BOSS IS KD'D AT 3 STACKS, DO NOT GRAB OR CAT PIN.**  It will prevent the boss from jumping and completely fuck over the rotation.* After the boss jumps, he will pull the tank and do about 80k damage.  To save the tank from death, double stun or double daze the boss AFTER tank is already pulled.  **DO NOT FORGET TO CC OR THE TANK WILL BE EXTREMELY MAD.**  At the same time, **PARTY MEMBERS, DO NOT CC BEFORE THE TANK IS PULLED.  TANKS, DO NOT IFRAME THE GRAB OR YOUR PARTY MEMBERS WILL BE EXTREMELY CONFUSED.**  This will cancel the pull and leave the tank stuck on the wrong side of the river.  Remember, if you try to use double KD, it will send the boss back to the side he came from and undo any work the party has done.* Strat 1: 2-2.  The standard/low DPS party strat, and the way the dungeon was intended to be done.  The party splits in half on each side of the river.  When both sides roar and reach 3 stacks, KD both sides.  The two tanks will then swap sides (since each pulls 1), and the other person on each side should CC after the grab to save the tank.  This requires one person on each side to have double KD and double stun/daze.* Strat 2: 3-1. The general F8 pretty strong but not OP strat.  One person solos Ken or Gen and 3 people go on the other side.  Once the boss on the side with 3 people is at 1 HP, the person soloing KDs his side, and one person out of the 3 uses stun or daze to save the tank.  Then, everyone kills the remaining boss.  This only requires the person soloing to have double KD and one person on the other side to have double stun/daze.  It doesn't really matter which side is the solo, but I think it is slightly faster if the solo goes on Gen because the AP buff goes on more people.* Strat 3: 4-0.  The super overgeared cheese strat.  Everyone goes on Gen and kills him first, then switches to Ken.  **PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT LURE THE FUCKING POTS ON TOP OF THE BOSSES.**  I play BM and this is the most frustrating thing ever because I lose all my damage, which is doubly worse because Lunar Slash and Dragontongue are AoE.  **DO NOT DO 4-0 IF YOUR PARTY IS LESS THAN 700 AP AVERAGE, 650 WITHOUT BUFFS.**  Knowing pugs, anything that can go wrong will go wrong.&amp;nbsp;Charged Iruga:* This boss is a stat check for accuracy.  Missing any CCs in 4 man can potentially be really really bad.* Shadows: Green = Knockdown, Blue = Stun.  If you don't have the right CC, don't CC at all.  You're fucking mentally handicapped if you intentionally use the wrong CC while everything is on CD and wonder why nothing happens.* After the tank throws the shield at Iruga (please do not do this too early), the boss will be disabled for a few seconds.  Wait a few seconds before grabbing; grabbing too early wastes free DPS time.&amp;nbsp;Twin birds (Volcano/Glacier):* Simultaneously the easiest and hardest bosses in the dungeon.  Nothing much to say here except for tank and spank.* The birds rain down hard-hitting AoE projectiles, so you cannot stand still for more than 2 seconds during this fight.  Volcano's AoEs leave a fire pool on the ground too.* Watch out for Volcano's point-blank AoE, it comes out extremely fast and does about 40-50k damage.&amp;nbsp;Asura:Oh boy.  The amount of people that don't know what to do during this boss is mind-numbingly frustrating.* Discounting Asura's normal attack rotation which is kind of a joke, he has 2 distinct phases: fire phase and ice phase.  Fire phase consists of projectiles, then orbs, then AoEs, then vacuum.  Ice phase consists of AoEs, then orbs, then projectiles, then vacuum.* Watch your buff timings.  **DO NOT USE BLUE BUFF/SOULBURN WHEN ASURA IS ABOUT TO START A PHASE.**  Aka right at the beginning.  There is so much wasted DPS if the shield goes up.* Fire phase projectiles: Fire swords appear at his back.  Everyone needs to group up at the dragon coil.  FM, Summoner, or Assassin use projectile protection and everyone needs to stay inside.* Fire phase orbs: Asura releases 2 orbs that go toward random party members.  One or two party members should block the orbs.  A ranged character should preferably block the first one.  **DON'T BE AN IDIOT AND DO YOUR OWN THING WITHOUT EVERYONE ELSE.**  It is important to be grouped because if one person is jacking off on the opposite side of the map, the orbs may fly everywhere and piss people off because they have to be blocked again later.* Fire phase AoEs: When the orbs spawn in the previous phase, the closest entity (character or pet) to the boss will be marked. **SUMMONERS AND WARLOCKS RECALL YOUR GOD DAMN PETS.  IT IS SO FUCKING ANNOYING WHEN SOME FUCKING RETARD DROPS FIRE SWORDS RIGHT ON TOP OF THE FUCKING BOSS AND I CAN'T FUCKING DO ANYTHING.  HOLY SHIT.**  The marker, who is preferably ranged as I said before, should run in a large arc at the left side of the room to kite the fire AoEs to prevent them from hitting other party members.* Ice phase AoEs: Ice swords appear at his back.  He drops 3 sets of ice meteor AoEs around the map, similar to Hae Mujin's meteor.  Very easy to walk out of.* Ice phase orbs: Same as fire phase orbs, except there is no bullshit about people dropping AoEs on the boss (because he dropped them already, obviously).  Just have 1 or 2 people block them normally.* Ice phase projectiles: Same as fire phase projectiles.* Vacuum: After each phase, Asura does a map-wide vacuum then a kick that hits everyone in melee range.  FM, Summoner, and Assassin should use Sheath/Dandelion/Party Decoy here.* Flowers: At 90%, 70%, and 50%, Asura will spawn flowers around the map.  HM Block and HM Maelstrom make this easy because you can simply walk over all the flowers without getting rooted. He heals for every flower you don't pick up and instantly enrages at 5.  Most classes can tank 1 flower, some can tank 2, and everyone can tank 1 flower in 6 man due to dragonblood.  If you are inexperienced with the dungeon, this is not a time to be a cheap twat and fuck over everyone else in your party.  Bring antidotes.&amp;nbsp;On top of all this, apparently half of the people I see in pug runs have no clue what their classes do, so here are the skills you need to have:* Warlock: Quell (1) is your block.  If a Warlock is in the party, they should always be the one blocking orbs.* Force Master: Firestorm (fire Tab, T3S2) is your parry and Divine Veil (ice C) is your projectile block.* Summoner: Seed Shroud (4) is your counter and Petal Storm (3, T3S1) is your projectile block.* Assassin: Smoke Screen (X, T3S2) is your projectile block.&amp;nbsp;Again, this is not a super in-depth guide, this is just a general overview of what to do and what not to do.  PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING AT LEAST LOOK AT A GUIDE.  Nobody wants to go through this whole dungeon just to fail and waste time because of a bunch of braindead monkeys.  That is all.Edit: Feel free to share your stories here!  I'm eating dinner and need something to entertain me after I finished all my dailies lmao.Edit 2: Darkshadovv wrote a guide to Sogun's Lament on BNSAcademy at http://www.bns.academy/2016/11/03/anger-regret-vengeance-soguns-lament/.  This is really helpful for new players or people relearning the dungeon from a different class's point of view.	bladeandsoul	1478232741
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1478955176
How hard will it be to pug turtle/Midnight Skypetal Plains? This question is mostly for people playing on other regions who remember what it was like to do Midnight Skypetal Plains when it was first released, but opinions and thoughts from all players are welcome.&amp;nbsp;I am currently clanless.  Well, I'm technically in a dead clan and only staying for the rank 15 benefits.  My issues are that I do not have a set group to do turtle with, and due to real-life commitments, my playing time is very unstable (different times every day).  I have a lot of friends in another clan, but due to technical issues and playtime instability, I am not able to run raids with them, at least not right now immediately at release.  For those who don't know about me and my situation, I'm not gonna say much more than that.  The raid situation will probably change later, but for now this question applies to approximately the first week of release, when I will most likely have to pug turtle if I want to do it.Now what I mean by "how hard" entails two major questions, along with their sub-questions:1. How hard will it be to find groups in faction chat?  Will people be advertising groups a lot?  Will it be easy/possible to actually get 24 people together in 4 reasonable party comps (Summoners and Soul Fighters with the BM to heal, KFMs/Sins/WLs/Destros/BDs spread around evenly to distribute buffs and restraints [I don't even know if you're supposed to restrain tbh])?  Are people going to be fickle and randomly kick others at will?2. How hard will it be to actually clear the raid?  Will people be actively working to kill mobs and not just AFKing?  Will people (most notably tanks and mob-killing side groups) know the mechanics after about a week or so and be able to consistently clear without too many wipes?  Will people be competent enough to beat enrage timers for stages 5 and 6?I have 720 AP, so gear and F8 requirements (even though this isn't doable in F8, but the same AP principle applies) are not an issue.  I'm on Poharan so server activity is not an issue either.&amp;nbsp;Edit and shameless advertisement: Alternately, any invitations to a high ranked, high geared blue clan are welcome as well, lol.	bladeandsoul	1479077799
Anyone else's Mudfish not really working? Like all the low score nodes have dead graphs and most of the time it's stuck at 10% auto configuration	bladeandsoul	1479695752
Reminder: stop using Elder PvP SS in PvE. The number of people I see doing this is infuriating.  They use Elder (class) soul shields in dungeons (because legendary = good), and they end up having 80k HP but 700 accuracy and 2000 crit and being complete 5k DPS dead weights.  Like are you for real?  This is what people do when all the community tells you is "AP is the only stat that matters."  The same thing to a lesser extent applies to Sparring/Naksun/Challenger pieces that don't have crit, especially pieces 5 and 7 (since Be Ido/Twisted/Oblivion have crit primary).  If you are doing a dungeon, elder soul shield is shit.  If you willingly use PvP soul shields in a dungeon and refuse to change, you are shit, and I will instantly kick you no matter how high your AP is.  Keep the PvP SS to PvP only.  Please for the love of God stop it.&amp;nbsp;Edit: For context (because evidently people don't get it), THIS IS NOT A COMPLAINT ABOUT DPS.  I am perfectly okay with you doing non-perfect DPS due to FPS, ping, slower reaction time, etc. because I am one of those people.  This complaint is ONLY about people who take literally 0 effort to improve and don't show any sign that they are trying at all.  Nothing more.  Ultimately there is no reason to be mad at someone if it shows that they are legitimately listening to what people say and trying to improve.  Please read before you decide to crucify someone, geez.	bladeandsoul	1480222075
Looking for a gaming laptop for under 1000 Hey guys,I was told to come here for suggestions as to what laptop I should buy.  I currently have a Macbook Pro and want to switch to Windows as more games can run on it, so I would like to buy a gaming laptop that is on sale for Cyber Monday for a reasonable price.* **Total budget and country of purchase:** USA, preferably under $1000 USD* **Do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor, good battery life or best specifications to your requirements for the money? Pick or include any that apply.** Good battery life is a must.  Specifications don't have to be perfect, but just reasonable.  Absolutely no 2 in 1, it's too much of a hassle for me.* **How important is weight to you?**Pretty important, I would like something that is easily carryable in a backpack or gym bag.* **Which OS do you require? Windows, Linux, Mac.**Windows 10* **Do you have a preferred screen size? If indifferent, put N/A.** 13-15 inches* **Are you doing any CAD/video editing/photo editing/gaming? List which programs/games you desire to run. If you have no requirements, put N/A.** I am a video gamer and do some occasional movie/Netflix/TV show/anime watching.  I will also mostly likely need to do programming and media editing for future internships and jobs (RStudio, Eclipse, Photoshop, etc.).* **If you're gaming (leave blank if you put N/A above...), do you have certain games you want to play? At what settings and FPS do you want?** I play 2 games mostly.  One of them is League of Legends, which is pretty well done; I can get 60 FPS at low settings on my Mac already.  The other is Blade &amp; Soul, which is infamous for horrible optimization and inability to run on multiple cores, so I need a laptop with a good CPU that has strong individual cores (because a quad core won't really help, at least not with the current client).  I get about 10-15 FPS in combat in lowest settings, 5 in very crowded zones (but this is probably attributed to the fact that I am playing on a Mac), and I would like to get about 60 on lowest settings.  I also may or may not play Overwatch in the future, and I heard that is very graphic-intensive as well.* **Any specific requirements such as good keyboard, reliable business grade build quality, touch-screen, finger-print reader, optical drive or good input devices (keyboard/touchpad)?** Must have a good keyboard with capability of putting a keyboard cover.  Absolutely no touch screen.* **Leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion.**Other requirements are 256+ GB SSD, Intel i7 2+ GHz processor, nVidia GeForce GTX graphics card, and DirectX 9.0.Thanks for any suggestions ahead of time!	SuggestALaptop	1480452181
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1480495994
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1480505259
Question about specs needed to run B&amp;S more smoothly Automoderator is being annoying and not letting me post my question directly so...is anyone able to help me with the issue in this post?  Thanks in advance.https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/5f4ck9/sunday_megathread_technical_support/daltkm2/	bladeandsoul	1480506428
Confused about a lot of Furnace/Naryu Foundry mechanics So I'm confused about a couple mechanics for Furnace/Naryu Foundry/Acrimor's Acrimony or whatever different people call it.  I've already watched some videos (not the entirety of the long videos like praetor/Tony's showcase but I watched some of it), but all of them are super fast and don't slow down mid combat.  I've read Freedomplays as well, but there are a few things that are different from the dungeon we are getting.  Can you guys help me out with a few questions?  For context, I am doing this dungeon on a 728 AP 62% crit FM, so any questions that are seemingly kinda vague will be assuming an FM's point of view.  I also have a 610 AP BM but I won't be gearing it up until my FM gets strong enough to do Vortex Temple...and I get a new computer lol.&amp;nbsp;Golem:1. Can we CC the zombies as soon as they spawn/appear (like the evolved fiends in MSP) so they blow up before they start curling up?  If not, when do we CC them?2. Is a single CC good enough or do we need double?&amp;nbsp;Ronacor (Zakhan clone):1. Do we need to hold the boss in the air with a BM/BD/Sum/Sin air combo?  Can I, say, use Glacial Beam to stun, have someone else finish the stun, and knock him into the air with Firestorm, or is that not enough time?2. Are the giant AoEs during flower spawn (like Zakhan's giant red half-room slashes) yellow/blockable?3. I'm extremely confused about the whole marker/stealth/iframe thing.  So when he fires the projectile at the farthest person, the summoner or assassin has to be the farthest person so they can seed shroud/decoy counter correct?4. Does the entire party have to be stealthed like in Zakhan to complete the mechanic?  Do people with 3 flowers get a marker buff that makes them visible to the boss even through stealth?5. In one of the videos, I see an FM randomly frost armor himself when the projectile goes toward him.  Doesn't that break stealth before the lift and fail the mechanic?6. Adding on to that point, I'm assuming I'm expected to sheath/HM Block the party to avoid the damage.  How am I supposed to do that when I'm supposed to stay in stealth?7. If we have no summoner or assassin, can we use HM Block/sheath to cheese the mechanic and save everyone from the damage?  Hell, can we just not take the last 2 flowers at all so the boss doesn't heal from the guy who has them?&amp;nbsp;Mugan:1. The entire ball driving thing is driving me nuts and I am so unbelievably lost.  So according to Tony, the first ball comes from one of the top 2, and the rest are completely random so people have to look around the entire map to find the balls.  Who has to be the one(s) to do this?2. If he marks the closest 2 people, does that mean ranged characters don't have to do the mechanic at all?  Are the non-tank melee characters expected to be the ones to do the mechanics?3. Let's go back to assuming you are doing mechanics as melee.  The tank is most likely going to be the closest one to the boss.  What are you supposed to do if you are tanking get marked?  Isn't it a bad idea for the tank to mark and run to hit switches if the boss keeps jumping to the tank?  I've done both tank and mark at the same time in Desolate Tomb; it's not pretty and I would not recommend it.  I'm assuming they just ignore it and have the other person solo mark?4. Not to mention, isn't marking a full DPS loss for melee?  Since they can't DPS if they run to the switches until they dash back right?5. Now let's assume you are marking regardless of whether you are melee or ranged.  What do you do if a ball comes out of a hole and both of the ports next to it are filled?  You turn the dials so that the ball takes the shortest path to a non-filled port right?6. What happens when a ball hits a hole that is already filled?  Does it explode the same way it explodes when it hits a person/the boss/another ball?7. I already know how summoner and warlock can root.  But if there is no summoner/warlock, how does FM freeze the boss?  Do I have to spec chill RMB or is there another more reliable way?8. Is there anything I need to save sheath for or can I use it to resist jump damage?  I use it to resist jump damage at Baruk (Gloom) and Kuwaijin (Masts) and Yeti (first and maybe second heat phase only, save it for ice phase) because there is nothing else to use it for.&amp;nbsp;Work in progress, may have some edits in the middle.I would greatly appreciate it if anyone is able to take a few minutes to answer some/all of these questions.  Also it would be nice if someone can find a video that pauses mid fight to explain each ball driving phase.  Thanks!&amp;nbsp;Edit: Thanks everyone for the responses!  The reason why I needed this was because I'm going to have this tab open when I do the dungeon so I can read everything like a text guide lmao.	bladeandsoul	1480978260
New elemental accessories for FM and BD So we have seen that the new elemental accessories (at least the necklace) have 25 AP, 293 ___ (insert element here) damage, and 26 additional damage (I don't count that as a stat lol).This discussion is specifically for FM and BD because they are the only 2 classes that have a % elemental damage buff (Dragonblaze for FM, Flaming/Whirling Scourge for BD).  Let's assume this is a decently geared character with 650+ AP, crit fused Ebondrake/Oblivion or Turtle/Oblivion or Turtle soul shields, and no legendary accessories (I have ring and no neck, but let's just assume I don't have either).  Let's also say FM uses Dragonblaze only when they absolutely have to for the very minimum buff uptime, which is every Inferno cooldown (so buff uptime 15 s every 45 s), and BD has HM Flaming Scourge.1. Did anyone catch which accessories give which element of damage and what the stats on each one (necklace, earring, ring) are?2. How much crit damage (percentage wise) do you lose?3. Does anyone know the formula for elemental damage?4. Ultimately, are the elemental accessories better or worse than True Boss?5. Would the answer to the previous question change if the FM keeps up 100% uptime on Dragonblaze or the BD has the soul badge that reduces Z cooldown?&amp;nbsp;Edit: I have made a spreadsheet detailing how much the earring and necklace affect overall DPS here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pSeq9C8CIDrzZs1EJ78bKO7BDZIR8LQeppTVLI3In4w/edit?usp=sharing.  You can make a copy and update with your own stats.  I didn't include ring because I don't think anyone is willing to give up both crit and crit damage for elemental damage.  I also didn't include Oath Necklace because it is the unquestionable BiS by far.	bladeandsoul	1481066648
Holy crap I just learned something about the Khanda Vihar story... No story spoilers here, but there is a strategy spoiler if anyone cares about that kind of thing.&amp;nbsp;In the Hall of Nightmares in Khanda Vihar, there is a dark chi room where you take 4% of your max HP per tick, and you have to kill the warden and rescue the Shadowless.  It is very difficult to tank this with an undergeared character (I did this with 2 alts &lt; 600 AP, it is not fun).  If anyone is having trouble with this room: at the entrance of the room, there are 2 Shadowless Elite Operatives with a circle that looks like warlock's Sanctum.  Standing in the area heals you and gives you a buff that makes you immune to the corruption for 10 seconds.  Also, you are allowed to go outside of the room and eat a dumpling if your health drops that low.I did not know about either of these when I first did these missions and simply Leeroy Jenkins-ed in to try to kill everything.  As much as I hate to admit it, while doing this room, I wiped a total of 5 times, breaking my weapon on one of the wipes (so I had to go back to the Khanda Vihar bank area then run back) on 3 different characters before I finally figured it out.  I ended up dying a total of 10 times across all my characters on the story.  ;____; I am clearly not a smart man.	bladeandsoul	1481185577
Where have all the Asura ball blockers gone? Something I've noticed lately is, an abnormally large number of people refuse to block the orbs at Asura.  Even when playing with characters off, I see everyone constantly move toward the back of the group trying to avoid them like some dumbass game of chicken.  This goes for all classes: BM, KFM, FM, Warlock.  When I'm on my FM, nobody blocks the second ball and it just flies around the room being annoying, and it interferes with my blocking the next phase.  When I'm on my BM, everyone tries to cower behind each other and run away so they don't get marker.  Well you know what?  If I get marker, I have to kite the fire AoEs, and I can't keep aggro and run at the same time.  If I don't get marker and someone else gets it, 90% of the time they don't kite the fire AoEs and end up killing everyone, which fucks me over.What's up with that?  There is no reason to be scared of them.  They are part of the mechanic.  They give you an AP buff when blocked.  They give you damage.  They are good.  Stop running away from them.@BM/KFM: You are the only classes with a low cooldown spammable block that does not cost focus.  It would be very nice for other classes to not waste their long cooldown blocks.  Your job is to block the 2nd ball in fire phase and both balls in ice phase.@FM/Warlock/Summoner/SF: You are the ranged classes who can DPS while moving.  Stop making the melees kite fire AoEs because it is such a huge DPS loss (which makes skipping phases harder) and can potentially kill everyone if a melee gets marked.  Your job is to block the first ball in fire phase and optionally the first ball in ice phase if you don't have a BM/KFM, so please for the love of god stop running away like a pussy.  Summoners specifically, remember to call back your cat so they don't get marker and fuck everyone over.@Assassin/Destroyer: You are the classes who have blocks, but they are on a longer cooldown or they are better to use in other situations.  You guys are the backup blockers in case the primary blockers die or the party comp is bad.  This does not mean you don't get to do mechanics; you should still be ready in case anything happens.@BD: Not much to say here as you lose HM Maelstrom if you spec parry, lol.  You don't have to do any blocking mechanics, but you should be the one getting most of the flowers right as each phase ends.Mechanics are the job of everyone working together, even in easy dungeons we outgear like Asura.  If everyone does their job properly, we can have an easy, cheap, no-antidote run.  Refusing to cooperate just kills people, wastes time, and causes frustration, which really isn't worth it in such old content we can just steamroll if everyone has a brain.  So please, just know what you have to do and work with each other; that's all there is to any dungeon really.	bladeandsoul	1481239769
Should I [M/22] pursue her [18/F] despite my school to work transition period? Fuck it, not gonna use a throwaway.  Dont think anyone that knows both of us knows my Reddit username anyway.  Hell, I cant believe that Im asking Reddit for this, but I guess its better than bottling it inside (aside from like my closest friends) and beating my head against the shower wall in the shower or against my bed.Context: I have never been in an official relationship before.  The closest Ive ever gotten was a girl my age I had a thing with spanning a 3-year period, but I ultimately found out I was just a backup guy/side bitch/outlet for her boyfriend problems.  It is a VERY long and somewhat triggering story on which I am not going to bother elaborating.&amp;nbsp;So, there is this one freshman girl I met in ___ club at ____ college, and after some careful consideration Im pretty sure Im interested in her.  I (guy) am currently a super-senior finishing school this semester.  We talk a decent amount and can sustain a conversation (its not like conversations are dead or anything), I would like to say we get along pretty well?  Well Im a fucking pussy and am terrible at communicating my intentions with girls, but thats something that is on me and not relevant to the issue.  That aside, the main problem holding me back from asking her out is the fact that I am a 9th semester senior graduating in a week and transitioning from school to work, which a pretty major lifestyle change.  Our parents homes are both less than an hour from school and each other.  I feel like Im going to be extremely busy trying to look for a job, so I dont know how much time Ill be able to commit, or if Im even going to be in the area.  Not to mention she is just starting college, so I feel like she has so much more to explore aside from being stuck in a relationship, I guess.My question is, should I still try to go for it even though I am in this awkward period and she is just starting college?  A little piece of me really wants to do it because I feel like its going to be very difficult to get close to people later on, but another part of me feels like the age and experience different could be a bit weird.  Im really lost right now.  After typing this up, I realized that I dont even need real advice; I pretty much just needed to get this off my chest.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr: Interested in freshman as a super-senior, but Im about to end school and start looking for work.  Should I go for it, considering both her and my situation?	dating	1481476961
Should I [M/22] pursue her [18/F] despite my school to work transition period? Fuck it, not gonna use a throwaway.  Dont think anyone that knows both of us knows my Reddit username anyway.  Hell, I cant believe that Im asking Reddit for this, but I guess its better than bottling it inside (aside from like my closest friends) and beating my head against the shower wall in the shower or against my bed.Context: I have never been in an official relationship before.  The closest Ive ever gotten was a girl my age I had a thing with spanning a 3-year period, but I ultimately found out I was just a backup guy/side bitch/outlet for her boyfriend problems.  It is a VERY long and somewhat triggering story on which I am not going to bother elaborating.&amp;nbsp;So, there is this one freshman girl I met in ___ club at ____ college, and after some careful consideration Im pretty sure Im interested in her.  I (guy) am currently a super-senior finishing school this semester.  We talk a decent amount and can sustain a conversation (its not like conversations are dead or anything), I would like to say we get along pretty well?  Well Im a fucking pussy and am terrible at communicating my intentions with girls, but thats something that is on me and not relevant to the issue.  That aside, the main problem holding me back from asking her out is the fact that I am a 9th semester senior graduating in a week and transitioning from school to work, which a pretty major lifestyle change.  Our parents homes are both less than an hour from school and each other.  I feel like Im going to be extremely busy trying to look for a job, so I dont know how much time Ill be able to commit, or if Im even going to be in the area.  Not to mention she is just starting college, so I feel like she has so much more to explore aside from being stuck in a relationship, I guess.My question is, should I still try to go for it even though I am in this awkward period and she is just starting college?  A little piece of me really wants to do it because I feel like its going to be very difficult to get close to people later on, but another part of me feels like the age and experience different could be a bit weird.  Im really lost right now.  After typing this up, I realized that I dont even need real advice; I pretty much just needed to get this off my chest.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr: Interested in freshman as a super-senior, but Im about to end school and start looking for work.  Should I go for it, considering both her and my situation?	dating_advice	1481477566
Should I [M/22] pursue her [18/F] despite my school to work transition period? Fuck it, not gonna use a throwaway.  Dont think anyone that knows both of us knows my Reddit username anyway.  Hell, I cant believe that Im asking Reddit for this, but I guess its better than bottling it inside (aside from like my closest friends) and beating my head against the shower wall in the shower or against my bed.Context: I have never been in an official relationship before.  The closest Ive ever gotten was a girl my age I had a thing with spanning a 3-year period, but I ultimately found out I was just a backup guy/side bitch/outlet for her boyfriend problems.  It is a VERY long and somewhat triggering story on which I am not going to bother elaborating.&amp;nbsp;So, there is this one freshman girl I met in ___ club at ____ college, and after some careful consideration Im pretty sure Im interested in her.  I (guy) am currently a super-senior finishing school this semester.  We talk a decent amount and can sustain a conversation (its not like conversations are dead or anything), I would like to say we get along pretty well?  Well Im a fucking pussy and am terrible at communicating my intentions with girls, but thats something that is on me and not relevant to the issue.  That aside, the main problem holding me back from asking her out is the fact that I am a 9th semester senior graduating in a week and transitioning from school to work, which a pretty major lifestyle change.  Our parents homes are both less than an hour from school and each other.  I feel like Im going to be extremely busy trying to look for a job, so I dont know how much time Ill be able to commit, or if Im even going to be in the area.  Not to mention she is just starting college, so I feel like she has so much more to explore aside from being stuck in a relationship, I guess.My question is, should I still try to go for it even though I am in this awkward period and she is just starting college?  A little piece of me really wants to do it because I feel like its going to be very difficult to get close to people later on, but another part of me feels like the age and experience different could be a bit weird.  Im really lost right now.  After typing this up, I realized that I dont even need real advice; I pretty much just needed to get this off my chest.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr: Interested in freshman as a super-senior, but Im about to end school and start looking for work.  Should I go for it, considering both her and my situation?	relationship_advice	1481478262
Should I [M/22] pursue her [18/F] despite my school to work transition period? Fuck it, not gonna use a throwaway.  Dont think anyone that knows both of us knows my Reddit username anyway.  Hell, I cant believe that Im asking Reddit for this, but I guess its better than bottling it inside (aside from like my closest friends) and beating my head against the shower wall in the shower or against my bed.Context: I have never been in an official relationship before.  The closest Ive ever gotten was a girl my age I had a thing with spanning a 3-year period, but I ultimately found out I was just a backup guy/side bitch/outlet for her boyfriend problems.  It is a VERY long and somewhat triggering story on which I am not going to bother elaborating.&amp;nbsp;So, there is this one freshman girl I met in ___ club at ____ college, and after some careful consideration Im pretty sure Im interested in her.  I (guy) am currently a super-senior finishing school this semester.  We talk a decent amount and can sustain a conversation (its not like conversations are dead or anything), I would like to say we get along pretty well?  Well Im a fucking pussy and am terrible at communicating my intentions with girls, but thats something that is on me and not relevant to the issue.  That aside, the main problem holding me back from asking her out is the fact that I am a 9th semester senior graduating in a week and transitioning from school to work, which a pretty major lifestyle change.  Our parents homes are both less than an hour from school and each other.  I feel like Im going to be extremely busy trying to look for a job, so I dont know how much time Ill be able to commit, or if Im even going to be in the area.  Not to mention she is just starting college, so I feel like she has so much more to explore aside from being stuck in a relationship, I guess.My question is, should I still try to go for it even though I am in this awkward period and she is just starting college?  A little piece of me really wants to do it because I feel like its going to be very difficult to get close to people later on, but another part of me feels like the age and experience different could be a bit weird.  Im really lost right now.  After typing this up, I realized that I dont even need real advice; I pretty much just needed to get this off my chest.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr: Interested in freshman as a super-senior, but Im about to end school and start looking for work.  Should I go for it, considering both her and my situation?	relationships	1481478869
DCing a lot more this patch This patch I've been DCing a lot more in every single situation.  F8 lobby, in dungeon, every loading screen, standing still in town.  This was not an issue at all before last Wednesday.  Now I DC up to 8 times a day or about once every hour on average, and it has come to the point that I'm nervous about running any long dungeon because I might just get randomly kicked in the middle.  Anyone else having this problem too?Update: I'm DCing like 10 times a day now.  I literally can't do any dungeon (long, short, event) because I have a 50% chance of DCing every 5 minutes and at every loading screen, including the first ones at character select.  This is seriously beyond stupid.	bladeandsoul	1481627353
Drop rate of elemental accessories? I'm trying to farm Citadel and Furnace to get the fire necklace (I don't have Oath yet and I really dislike Tomb unless I'm with a full party of friends in a really good comp) and fire earring for my FM.  I've done so many runs over the past few days and have barely seen any elemental accessories (like one every 5 runs or so), and the few that I have seen aren't ones I can use.  Is the drop rate of elemental accessories really that bad?  To add insult to injury, I've seen 3 ice necklaces but no fire ones.  Wtf is up with this?  Are some accessories out of the 6 just rarer than others?  Finally, are the drop rates different in 6 man and 4 man mode?It would be nice if someone can shed some light on this or offer their own experience with elemental accessory drop rates.  To me, this feels like the double RNG bullshit with Chromatic (before)/Tormented/Accursed weapons and Turtle soul shields (at least you have flowers) and is really starting to piss me off.  I wish they would either make 1 elemental accessory a guaranteed drop from the last boss, except if a legendary accessory drops, OR (not and) give you a box that ensures it is an accessory you can use or lets you choose the elemental attunement to reduce the impact of RNG.Edit: Apparently because some people don't get it, I am not asking to get BiS gear on the first run.  I've played MMOs before, I know 100% what I'm talking about.  I would just like to see that I am getting somewhere and be rewarded along the way instead of getting absolutely nothing.	bladeandsoul	1481868567
Question about Acrimor's AoE So I've run Naryu Foundry a few times and I can do all the mechanics except for solo ball driving (which I don't have to worry about 9.5/10 times because I'm on rooter duty plus there's someone who can drive anyway and I can duo drive).  One strange thing I've seen is about Acrimor's room-wide AoE.  I noticed that my ice doesn't work on some of his attacks.  Sometimes it sheaths me, and sometimes it does an AoE pull that dazes me through sheath and still makes me take damage.  Is it a bug or intended for the daze to not be iframeable?  Do any other party iframes (seed shroud/decoy, HM Block even though its usually used for triple spin) work?  Do self-iframes work (I've never tried it lol)?  And is it random which AoE (damage only vs daze pull + damage) he does?	bladeandsoul	1482345589
Crazy idea to counter mobility creep So I drank a lot during Christmas dinner and I came up with a crazy idea to counter mobility creep: what about an ability that only hits people that move?  My idea was this: an ultimate ability would have a short (1s) channel time (interruptible during this time), then the champion releases a pulse around him/her that marks an area (not interruptible after this).  Any enemy champion that issues a movement command of their own accord (right click or movement ability aka dash/blink/teleport, being knocked back or autoattacking while standing still does not count) during that time is marked with a skull.  After 2 seconds, the champion would dash around (like an Alpha Strike), stun all marked champions regardless of range, and strike them for huge damage.  This damage should be at least partly true damage and/or % max HP damage so tanks have to be mindful of it too and don't just run down the caster ignoring it.  This wouldn't be stifling like Camille's ult preventing all movement; it would just discourage it and punish people who try to abuse their mobility.  Thoughts?  Would this be too hard to fit into a champion's kit thematically?  Would this be too hard to balance?	leagueoflegends	1482780234
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1482792732
Is it intended that the legendary accessories in Dragon Express cost no gold? So next patch, we will need 200 fragments from Tomb, Citadel, or Foundry to get the corresponding legendary accessory from Dragon Express.  Is it intended that they only cost the fragments and not any gold?  I would have thought it would cost at the very least 100g (minimum bid in dungeon) along with the fragments.  Or is this just an oversight?With this logic, wouldn't it mean that there is nearly no point in bidding on the legendary accessory if it drops in dungeon because you can just eventually get it for free?  I feel like this would create a massive surge of people running Tomb/Citadel/Foundry in the first month or 2 to farm for fragments, but after that the number of people running will tank immensely, as there is almost no motivation for high geared people to even look at the dungeons anymore (maybe besides stones/outfits).  Even with the tradeable boxes being added, nobody is going to buy them because they know that, again, they can just get it for free after a period of time.I'm not complaining by any means.  In fact I welcome it as I don't have a necklace after 180 runs (across 3 characters) so I would kill to get one.  I'm actually down to farm 200 (fewer if 4 man) runs if it means saving potentially 500+g; this also means I don't have to be paranoid about a neck dropping when I'm doing the dungeon on my alts now.  I'm just curious that this is such a drastic change from the more moderate ones we have had before.	bladeandsoul	1484286881
Is attack damage or attack speed usually better? Title.  I'm a mid/top main trying to get more familiar with Irelia.  I want to get another offensive item besides Trinity Force, as my main build will consist of TF + another bruiser item + boots + 3 situational defensive items.  I can't decide between Sterak's Gage, Titanic Hydra, Wit's End, or Blade of the Ruined King.  In general, from your experience, is attack damage or attack speed usually better on Irelia?	IreliaMains	1484295322
no text for post found	MMORPG	1484893535
Looking for an MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul I'm looking for a non-subscription MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul. I like the combat system and gear progression in BnS and would like something similar, preferably nearly identical, in the next game. However, the horrible client optimization, server instability, overly fast content releases that I can't keep up with, dependence on guilds to do new content, and poor community mindset are making me consider quitting. I played Vindictus in the past but didn't really like the long grindy story, endgame raid system (only single fight and that's it), or RNG-based gear progression that was only mitigable by cash shop items.  I've also played MapleStory and Path of Exile, and they're not bad, but they just aren't quite my style.Ultimately I want an MMO that is free to play but pay to progress faster, has a fast story progression to endgame, uses a fast-paced combat system that involves managing multiple skills, is mostly focused on group PvE content with almost no unequalized PvP, has fun endgame dungeons (not do one fight and be done), is not discriminatory against solo players (not necessarily no guild, just not forced to have a guild to be able to clear endgame content, since I have inconsistent playing time), does not rely on RNG or P2W to upgrade gear, has a reasonable content release rate, and has good game optimization and servers for high FPS and low ping. Anyone have any recommendations for a game like this?	mmo	1484894148
no text for post found	MMORPG	1484894783
Looking for an MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul I'm looking for a non-subscription MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul. I like the combat system and gear progression in BnS and would like something similar, preferably nearly identical, in the next game. However, the horrible client optimization, server instability, overly fast content releases that I can't keep up with, dependence on guilds to do new content, and poor community mindset are making me consider quitting. I played Vindictus in the past but didn't really like the long grindy story, endgame raid system (only single fight and that's it), or RNG-based gear progression that was only mitigable by cash shop items. I've also played MapleStory and Path of Exile, and they're not bad, but they just aren't quite my style.Ultimately I want an MMO that is free to play but pay to progress faster, has a fast story progression to endgame, uses a fast-paced combat system that involves managing multiple skills, is mostly focused on group PvE content with almost no unequalized PvP, has fun endgame dungeons (not do one fight and be done), is not discriminatory against solo players (not necessarily no guild, just not forced to have a guild to be able to clear endgame content, since I have inconsistent playing time), does not rely on RNG or P2W to upgrade gear, has a reasonable content release rate, and has good game optimization and servers for high FPS and low ping. Anyone have any recommendations for a game like this?	gaming	1484895380
Thinking of trying out TERA as a Blade &amp; Soul player I'm looking for a non-subscription MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul. I like the combat system and gear progression in BnS and would like something similar, preferably nearly identical, in the next game. However, the horrible client optimization, server instability, overly fast content releases that I can't keep up with, dependence on guilds to do new content, and poor community mindset are making me consider quitting. I played Vindictus in the past but didn't really like the long grindy story, endgame raid system (only single fight and that's it), or RNG-based gear progression that was only mitigable by cash shop items. I've also played MapleStory and Path of Exile, and it's not bad, but it just wasn't quite my style. A couple people in other subreddits recommended TERA to me, so I decided to check out this subreddit and am thinking of trying the game out.Ultimately I want an MMO that is free to play but pay to progress faster, has a fast story progression to endgame, uses a fast-paced combat system that involves managing multiple skills, is mostly focused on group PvE content with almost no unequalized PvP, has fun endgame dungeons (not do one fight and be done), is not discriminatory against solo players (not necessarily no guild, just not forced to have a guild to be able to clear endgame content, since I have inconsistent playing time), does not rely on RNG or P2W to upgrade gear, has a reasonable content release rate, and has good game optimization and servers for high FPS and low ping. What is TERA like when it comes to all of these categories (comma list or numbered list or whatever format is fine)? Can anyone give me some insight as to whether I should give this game a try?	TeraOnline	1484902787
Old player with a few questions I'm an old player with a few questions.  I quit shortly before Ancient Glas was released.  I have a Sword/Chain Vella (both weapons), Arisha, and Cestus Karok all with +10 level 80 weapons at 18k (never bought any level 80 mats, got them all when they were made available with seals).  What new content has been released since I was gone?  Did any classes get reworked or added?  And is 18k attack considered good, bad, or mediocre now?	Vindictus	1485040188
no text for post found	PoliticalDiscussion	1485317162
What are you guys's favorite Kdrama soundtracks? Personally my favorites are [Cupid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXCM11kJRO8) by Girl's Day (City Hunter) and [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyzaMpAVm3s) by Davichi (Descendants of the Sun)Edit: Thanks for the suggestions everyone, I was just looking for more songs to add to my soundtrack playlist and this should entertain me for a while lol	KDRAMA	1485825603
Is is possible to get endgame gear without raids? I'm about to hit 50 soon and I know I'll be gearing up by doing world bosses and vet dungeons at first.  My question is, is it possible to get endgame/BiS gear without doing raids?  I play on a kinda unstable schedule so I can't really commit to a set raid time.  I would just like a way to progress without getting cucked at dungeon gear.	WildStar	1485909335
Looking for Medic builds I posted in the megathread, but nobody responded because it's all the way at the bottom .___.&amp;nbsp;Can anyone give me a DPS and healer build for Medic?  I looked up a few builds but they're from years ago.What I have right now is:DPS: Discharge, Quantum Cascade, Annihilation as major skills. [Link](http://earlygame.net/wildstar/builder/medic#pMvKpKCvKqvrvyvq/619.734.735.620.640.641.621.642.736.718.625.636.643.650.648.626.627.628.637.638.639.738.739.740.720.721.722)Healer: Emission, Shield Surge, Flash, and Mending Probes as major skills. [Link](http://earlygame.net/wildstar/builder/medic#QpMpKvMCKvqvvvq/626.627.628.637.638.639.672.673.674.965.966.967.968.720.721.722.705.706.707.682.708.678.931.932.681.651.652.653)I know not all the skills are up to date on the builder but those are the slots I have them in.	WildStar	1486008094
Why does Malz support go Thunderlord instead of Deathfire? I was under the impression most Malzahar players went Deathfire for the burn on his DoT skills, but for some reason every LCS player goes Thunderlord.  In my games I have been going Thunderlord (12/18/0), and I don't find it to usually be the defining factor in a kill or trade.  I also have a 18/12/0 page for Deathfire; is there a reason why people don't use it?	MalzaharMains	1486893012
Varus mid vs bot with lethality build? I remember that when full armor pen Varus was a thing, people took him mid because he was more of a caster than a real ADC so having him bot would mean your late game damage would fall off hard.  Now people are going the same Manamune into full lethality build, but for some reason he still goes bot now and is basically never seen mid?  Why is that?	VarusMains	1486893691
No teleport on top in low elo? I'm a top main staying at a steady but slowly climbing silver 4 right now.  I've been taking Teleport pretty much all of my games just out of habit.  Over a sample size of a lot of games (50 solo/duo queue ranked this season, basically 0 flex, a few hundred last season), though, I honestly feel like taking Exhaust or Ignite is better than taking Teleport.1. Low elo top laners aren't going to expect the sudden burst of damage coming in from Ignite or the sudden cripple of Exhaust.  Admittedly I myself have fallen victim to this cheese multiple times.2. Ignite and Exhaust are simply better for a lot of carry laners and high damage bruisers to win lane with their naturally strong early game, hence not requiring them to have TP to get back to lane.  Some examples that come to mind are Irelia, Riven, Pantheon, Darius, Kennen, Mordekaiser, Yasuo, Jayce, and Camille.3. Ignite and Exhaust can completely turn a matchup around.  Dr. Mundo, Darius, Vladimir, and Swain are hard countered by Ignite.  Riven, Kennen, Yasuo, and Camille are hard countered by Exhaust.  Taking those summoners will make it literally impossible for them to solo kill you in lane.4. I tell my team that I'm split pushing and to place a ward to let me TP in.  Then a fight breaks out and NOBODY puts down a ward.  Then they blame me for not TPing to help them.  Lol, go figure.  Of course it's my fault right?5. Low elo people frankly have no clue how to use Teleport to flank properly (aka me, lol).  On the flip side, 99% of people don't react quickly enough when someone TPs in so it usually goes wrong, so the top loses a wave, a tower, his life, or, even worse, all of the above.  This has happened to me numerous times and is extremely tilting when the enemy top laner comes back stronger than me and screws my lane just because I wanted to help my team.  Why should I be punished for helping my team when they don't come up to 4-man gank my lane?  I sometimes honestly would have been better off staying in lane, ignoring my teammates, and carrying the game myself.The combination of all these factors has led me to think about taking Ignite or Exhaust in most of my times top lane instead of Teleport, and I'm looking to try this out in my next few games.  I hope that this will increase my rate of winning lane and being able to push a lead in mid game.What do you guys think?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1486902351
No teleport on top in low elo? I'm a top main staying at a steady but slowly climbing silver 4 right now.  I've been taking Teleport pretty much all of my games just out of habit.  Over a sample size of a lot of games (50 solo/duo queue ranked this season, basically 0 flex, a few hundred last season), though, I honestly feel like taking Exhaust or Ignite is better than taking Teleport.1. Low elo top laners aren't going to expect the sudden burst of damage coming in from Ignite or the sudden cripple of Exhaust.  Admittedly I myself have fallen victim to this cheese multiple times.2. Ignite and Exhaust are simply better for a lot of carry laners and high damage bruisers to win lane with their naturally strong early game, hence not requiring them to have TP to get back to lane.  Some examples that come to mind are Irelia, Riven, Pantheon, Darius, Kennen, Mordekaiser, Yasuo, Jayce, and Camille.3. Ignite and Exhaust can completely turn a matchup around.  Dr. Mundo, Darius, Vladimir, and Swain are hard countered by Ignite.  Riven, Kennen, Yasuo, and Camille are hard countered by Exhaust.  Taking those summoners will make it literally impossible for them to solo kill you in lane.4. I tell my team that I'm split pushing and to place a ward to let me TP in.  Then a fight breaks out and NOBODY puts down a ward.  Then they blame me for not TPing to help them.  Lol, go figure.  Of course it's my fault right?5. Low elo people frankly have no clue how to use Teleport to flank properly (aka me, lol).  On the flip side, 99% of people don't react quickly enough when someone TPs in so it usually goes wrong, so the top loses a wave, a tower, his life, or, even worse, all of the above.  This has happened to me numerous times and is extremely tilting when the enemy top laner comes back stronger than me and screws my lane just because I wanted to help my team.  Why should I be punished for helping my team when they don't come up to 4-man gank my lane?  I sometimes honestly would have been better off staying in lane, ignoring my teammates, and carrying the game myself.The combination of all these factors has led me to think about taking Ignite or Exhaust in most of my times top lane instead of Teleport, and I'm looking to try this out in my next few games.  I hope that this will increase my rate of winning lane and being able to push a lead in mid game.What do you guys think?	summonerschool	1486903430
no text for post found	AdviceAnimals	1487102680
Can anyone explain how Kha'Zix is not permabanned? Legit, every single game I see him he gets ridiculously fed.  His damage is absolutely through the roof even after the nerf.  I'm level 9 Viktor with 2 DRings and he's level 8 ganking me with Caulfield's (not even Dirk), and he instantly bursts me for 850/1400 of my hp with E auto Thunderlords Q in less than half a second, and Ahri finishes me off while missing charm.  (How does he apply Thunderlords with one auto I don't understand.)  I didn't even have time to Flash away because he came out of stealth.  Like how is that balanced in any way?  Why is Kha'Zix not permabanned while being so broken while Darius, Yasuo, and Camille are always banned?  If he's not broken, how do you counter him (early, mid, and late)?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1487155121
In ranked, which role has the fewest mains? I am a currently mid silver former gold ranked player who is mediocre in every single role but not good at any one.  Every single time I go against a top main when I'm top, jungle main when I'm jungle, etc., I end up losing lane (either slightly or greatly) because I don't know matchups or champions in super great detail (I play a wide champion pool and prefer not to one-trick somebody).  And God forbid I go against a one-trick on their champion, I always get completely smashed regardless of who I play.  I'm seriously tired of laning/jungling against mains because I am put at a disadvantage every time that happens.  My question is, from your personal experience, which roles in ranked have the fewest people who main that role/one-trick a champion in that role, so there is a smaller chance that I go against a player that is super experienced and end up losing solely due to the fact they are better at that one specific role than I am?  Also so I don't take someone's main role (like I don't want to play ADC when there's a ADC main on my team, etc.).	summonerschool	1487285386
Keystone mastery for Nasus I know this question has been asked a lot of times but the most recent one is a few months back.  So for keystone masteries, I can't decide whether to take Warlord, Grasp, or Stormraider on Nasus.  I've mostly been rotating between Warlord and Grasp depending on matchup, but I see on champion.gg that most people take Stormraider?  Is that a thing?  I feel like it would be difficult to do 30% of a bruiser or tank's health in order to get the speed buff, and hitting carries is super situational and reliant on them getting caught out and CCed.  (Is getting 2 Q's in 2.5 seconds even possible?  The cooldown is 2.4 seconds with 40% CDR.)  What do you think?	nasusmains	1487506632
Keystone mastery for Mordekaiser I know this question has been asked a lot of times but the most recent one is a few months back.  So for keystone masteries, I can't decide whether to take Thunderlord, Deathfire, or Stormraider on Mordekaiser.  I've mostly been taking Thunderlord for the burst, but I'm not sure how much damage Deathfire does over the TLD cooldown (on average).  And I see on champion.gg that most people take Stormraider?  Is that a thing?  I feel like it would be difficult to do 30% of a bruiser or tank's health in order to get the speed buff, and hitting carries is super situational and reliant on them getting caught out and CCed.  (Is it even possible to get all your Q's in time?)  What do you think?	MordekaiserMains	1487508394
Why does Varus get Tear but not Jayce Jhin Corki? Title.  All these champions are long range marksman-like champions that scale well with AD and use a lot of mana.  Why is Varus the only one who has Tear/Manamune in his normal build, but other champions like Jayce Jhin and Corki do not?  Don't they run out of mana just as fast and hence need it as well?  Varus has fewer single-target abilities to proc the damage too; the only way he has to proc Manamune is his autos, so it's not like he gets an exceptional amount of the mana burn damage like Ezreal does.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1487632485
With the Last Whisper changes, why not a mini Void Staff? So as we all know, in patch 7.4, Last Whisper is getting changed to give the 45% bonus armor pen all right away, making it a very effective but situational counter to tanks.  AD carries can buy LW while working on their ER/IE/Hurricane/RFC/Ghostblade/Edge of Night/whatever else they build, and it doesn't cost an insane amount to force them to diverge far from their build.  Why can't we have the same for mid laners?  Say, an item building out of Amplifying Tome (Voidcaller or some other edgy name lol) could give 20 AP and 35% magic pen that builds into Void Staff to help mid laners against tanks and bruisers that start stacking MR early.  This way, mages won't get screwed out of their core builds (since you know how mages need Morello-Luden, Tear-Rylai-AA, Tear-RoA-AA, etc.) and can sit on this item until they're ready to upgrade to the full Void Staff.  I think introducing an item like this would be really good for consistency, if anything.Edit: Haunting Guise doesn't count because a) it is flat penetration not % penetration, and b) Liandry's Torment is not good on a lot of champions, most notably burst champions.	leagueoflegends	1487846441
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1487846895
Not able to get vet dungeon dailies This is a really weird issue, but sometimes I randomly can't get vet dungeon dailies?  I did veteran Protogames, Skullcano, and SSM earlier in the week, but nobody in the Conqueror's Square (Illium) area is giving out the daily.  There is literally no exclamation sign for anything except the PvP dailies (which I don't take).  It's annoying when I do a vet dungeon and I can't get the money and glory and exp from the quest because I'm not able to get the daily.  What's going on?  This is not the first time it has happened.  Is this a bug?  Anyone else getting this issue?	WildStar	1487888442
My personal opinions and suggestions for URF I've played a few ARURF games, and there are a few consistent issues that have come up over my games.  The game mode is, for the most part, fine, but there are a few things and QoL fixes that I think should be changed to make the gameplay less frustrating for some people.1. Let keystone masteries and timed passives be affected by CDR, even if it's not the full 80%.  I noticed that Zyra passive does not get the URF CDR buff, and even though she's in a good spot, it is still annoying not being able to use her passive to keep up with everyone else.  I'm assuming it's the same with Illaoi, Corki, Azir, and everyone else whose passives have a cooldown.  And a few times, I rolled a tank but was forced to give up Colossus (I took Grasp on Poppy instead) because the cooldown is way too long for the game mode.  A shield every 40 seconds is completely useless when every single ultimate has at most a 20 something second cooldown.2. Increase turret damage.  With the fast pace of the game, people can tank turrets way too easily.  A carry can literally solo tower dive at 15 mins and basically ignore everything because turrets don't ramp up damage fast enough to keep up with people's items.  Turrets should get their damage and durability increase faster to keep up with the pace of the game.  On top of the ramp up timer increase, I wouldn't mind turret damage being straight buffed in this mode to balance out the low cooldown on people's heals/shields.  This way turrets don't become irrelevant and ignorable when midgame has barely hit and people keep healing and shielding themselves and each other so everyone ends up having the same HP before and after a tower dive.3. Add the summoner spell Mark/Dash to URF and have it have like a 20-30 second cooldown.  It fits the ARAM theme; why isn't it in URF/ARURF too?  It is complete AIDS trying to catch a Karma/Mundo/Sona/Ahri/Lulu/Nidalee when all they do is run away and spam their non-target skills so nobody can ever catch them.  Obviously this is part of the game mode so mobility itself shouldn't be nerfed, but adding snowball would help out people who need to catch up to a fleeing enemy and could potentially add some variety in summoner spells (like replacing Flash, for example).What are your thoughts on these points?  Any other suggestions (besides death timers, which has already been discussed) you guys want to mention?	leagueoflegends	1488016247
Knight's Vow on tank top laners? With the 7.4 buff to Knight's Vow, is it a thing on tank top laners now?  I play Poppy, Maokai, Nautilus, Shen, Nasus, Trundle, and Darius seriously, and I occasionally play Malphite, Garen, and Olaf in normals/as counterpicks.  I also play a few other champions like Vlad, Singed, Jayce, Camille, and Mordekaiser but they don't get KV for obvious reasons.  So out of all the tank and juggernaut top laners in the game, which ones are the best users of Knight's Vow?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488024217
Is there a site for text guides? Title.  In the past few MMOs I've played, the content came out on other regions before NA/EU so I was able to look up text guides for dungeons and raids on other sites.  Is there such a site for WildStar where people write guides for the community?  It would be really helpful in learning veteran dungeon and raid mechanics.	WildStar	1488160360
My thoughts on the primal matrix I am a new-ish player who started in late January.  Since then I've progressed pretty fast.  I'm a medic who dual specs DPS and healer.  I reached level 50 in early February and got ilvl 68 in both specs.  I did contracts and world bosses (for caches) and got ilvl 90 in mid-February.  And I just did my first run of GA last week and am now ilvl 110 in DPS and 100 in healer (still working on glory lul).  Here are my thoughts about the new update.&amp;nbsp;1. Prime difficulty.  I'm not sure what to feel about this.  For one, my experience with veteran dungeons is kinda meh.  Most of the time the highest level person in the party is around 120; I run into almost no full RMT geared people, so I'm going to assume there aren't that many people at that gear level around.  Besides, it's not like someone with full RMT gear can even solo certain bosses due to mechanics and interrupt requirements.2. The primal matrix basically just gives free stats right?  I don't think this is too much of a bad thing.  I already find it extremely hard to hit stat caps (I'm only at 44% MH and that is with full superb runed gear + a few divines) so this would help me a lot.  Leveling an alt would be much less cancerous too because of the stats we get.  And on the flip side, maybe fresh 50s with shitty unruned ilvl 52 gear will finally do more than 1k DPS, or they will have more than 30k HP and stop getting one-shotted by everything.  I already have to filter out severely undergeared people when I do vet dungeons because I can't inspect most of their gear beforehand; anything to bring up the power is good in my eyes.3. Let's be honest, it's not like people are never gonna be doing vets again.  They are still in T3 contracts, and they are a good source of glory and renown.  I myself am tired of only seeing ilvl 78 and 80 gear in dungeons and am looking forward to getting higher ilvl gear so I can replace my 100 shoulders, pants, and gloves since they aren't in the orange DS set.4. I heard that gear better than raid gear comes from prime dungeons.  I personally think this is a very good thing.  I am a person who has a lot of IRL stuff to deal with and generally does not have time to commit to a fixed raiding schedule, so it is very unlikely that I will ever be able to do DS, Y83, or RMT.  I quit the last MMO I played because future BiS gear all came from raids and not doing raids effectively capped your gear at a certain point (and I was pretty close to that cap).  The fact that raids give the best gear but are on a weekly lockout is absolutely ridiculous because if your RNG is shit (with drops and rolls), you will most likely not get the pieces you need for months.  There should always be an alternative option for raids in terms of gear progression; I'm not saying that raids should be worthless, but there should always be a side path that people who can't or don't want to raid so their gear isn't cucked at ilvl 100-116.5. I don't know about the PvP ramifications, but I don't do PvP and honestly hate all forms of non-gear-equalized PvP in MMOs so I don't really care about this department lol.  I do BGs in full PvE gear (except for the weapon, which I use the ilvl 65 PvP weapon with 2 random non-set runes) because the only thing I really care about from there is prestige for AMPs/ability tier points, then I never plan on doing it again.All in all, I don't think this update is as bad for the game as most people are making it out to be.  It is merely giving free stats to enable people to catch up and introducing an alternative option to cater to people who aren't able to raid hardcore so they have something to do at endgame.  I admit that it will change the flow of some things, but a lot of you guys have been around since before advanced gear vendor or trivial GA right?  We've adapted to a lot of changes before; we can do it again.&amp;nbsp;What are your thoughts?  Can anyone point out where I am wrong in each of the points above?&amp;nbsp;Edit: whoever is downvoting everything care to explain your thoughts instead of downvoting for no reason	WildStar	1488754982
no text for post found	jaycemains	1488956068
Defensive keystone masteries in 7.5 In 7.5, Stoneborn Pact is replacing Bond of Stone.Stoneborn PactGain 5% maximum healthYour movement impairing effects effects mark enemy champions with an earthen rune that heals other allied champions who basic-attack them for 5 (+2.5% of your maximum health) over 2 seconds. The mark lasts 4 seconds.&amp;nbsp;Any thoughts on this?  Out of Grasp of the Undying, Courage of the Colossus, Stoneborn Pact, and Fervor of Battle (gonna throw this in since I know some champions in the list use this), which one would you take for champions like (I'm going to split them into archetypes, correct me if I'm wrong):1. Maokai/Nautilus/Poppy/Gragas (top lane tanks with reliable hard CC)2. Olaf/Trundle (top lane AA bruisers with no or unreliable hard CC)3. Malphite/Garen/Mundo (top lane caster bruisers with no or unreliable hard CC)4. Irelia/Camille/Jax (top lane AA bruisers that are played mainly as assassins)5. Rek'Sai/Sejuani/Vi/Zac (jungle bruisers with reliable hard CC)6. Shyvana/Nunu (jungle bruisers with no or unreliable hard CC)7. Leona/Thresh/Braum/Taric (tank supports with reliable hard CC)8. Tahm Kench/Trundle (tank supports with no or unreliable hard CC)&amp;nbsp;Some things to think about:Grasp of the Undying is mostly a laning mastery to use in trades, but it might not be activated as much in teamfights?  I don't know.Courage of the Colossus is a teamfight mastery, but it has an extremely long cooldown early game.I have no idea what the impact of Stoneborn Pact is so I don't know what to say.  Looks support-ish though.  I don't know if you get the heal yourself since it just says allies.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488958147
Text guides for dungeons and raids Does anyone know where to find text guides (no videos) for prime dungeons and raids?  I'd like to be able to look at guides while playing, and text guides usually do a good job of going over the important points, while videos are too long and can't really be used as a resource in the middle of a boss fight.Edit: And don't tell me to Google it, I've done that many times already and I wouldn't be asking this question on Reddit if I found what I was looking for.	WildStar	1489586185
RoA/Tear on Veigar What do you guys think about these items on Veigar?  I feel like Tear is good because he spams spells a lot and can charge it up reasonably fast, and Archangel gives a lot of AP.  RoA gives survivability and can help him get through the early game farming phase (same logic as TF) but I don't think he _needs_ it to survive lane in some matchups.  However, getting both delays his core by too much because Morello Hat and Void are mandatory.  So, are either of these items worth it on him, and when would you buy them?tl;dr RoA, Tear, both, or neither?Edit: They're not mutually exclusive, I would still be getting Morello anyway, just a bit later.  So the discussion is between Ring Tear Morello Hat/Void Archangel vs Ring RoA Morello Hat/Void vs Ring Tear RoA Morello Hat/Void Archangel vs Ring Morello Hat/Void.	VeigarMains	1490050868
Keystone mastery for tank Gragas top Title, trying to learn Gragas top since he has recently gotten some spotlight (I previously only played him jungle).  Why do pros take Grasp on him if he has hard CC engage in half of his kit?  Is there something wrong with Colossus?  And how is the new Stoneborn Pact?	GragasMains	1490186170
Any prime progression circles/guilds? Are there any circles or guilds focused on progressing through the prime levels of dungeons and expeditions?  I noticed that even after the primal matrix patch, everyone still rushes through dungeons and only goes for bronze instead of going for silver to level up. Is it normal that people don't care about ranking up to prime level 9 or 10?  The gear that drops from there can be really good (like the 135 gadgets and assault shields); I'm surprised that nobody is going for progression.  I've seen a few prime 4 groups for STL and KV but I'm curious how they managed to get there if people only go for bronze every time.	WildStar	1490741926
Gunblade/Lich Bane on Ahri? I've been an Ahri player for a while in the past and I'm getting bored of my current mids so I'm picking her up again.  I've always gone Double Doran into Morello into Luden/Abyssal/Zhonya (matchup dependent) into Void then situational after that.  I noticed that some pros are building Gunblade and Lich Bane on Ahri for some reason?  This seems like a really strange build since Ahri doesn't have any particular synergy with single-target healing (like LeBlanc's Q bounce) or auto attacks in spell rotation (like Diana).  And don't you have mana problems without Morello?  Can anyone shed some light on the Gunblade/Lich Bane build and why anyone would ever use it over the burst and mana sustainability of Morello/Luden/Void?	AhriMains	1491915422
Full prime gear loot table Does anyone have lists of where all of the prime gear of each kind drops (like slot, secondary stats, location)?	WildStar	1492460595
Confusing and frustrating issue with Kled So first things first, I am not a Kled player.  I've only played him a couple times when I got him in ARAM and had no rerolls and when I was trying random stuff in a bot game.  But there is one giant issue that dissuades me from ever picking him in Summoner's Rift.Why is it so god damn hard to gain courage when you get dismounted?  You don't get courage over time.  You don't even get courage when you hit minions.  That is absolutely ridiculous.  Whenever you get dismounted in ARAM, you might as well die immediately because you're completely useless otherwise.  You can't engage.  You can't tank for your team.  You're basically a melee minion with a lot of attack speed.Champions like Shyvana, Tryndamere, and Renekton can build fury by hitting minions and then fighting their opponents when their fury bar is full (in Shyvana's case, passively too to charge ult).  But Kled can't do any of that.  Once he gets dismounted, to build courage, he has to either a) kill minions, which is impossible in ARAM or mid/late-game teamfights because everyone just power clears and nobody lets you last hit, or b) hit champions, which is completely counterintuitive because you're extremely weak in head-to-head combat without Skaarl.This courage mechanic is one of the most infuriating things I have ever encountered when trying out a new champion.  It has come to the point where if I get dismounted in ARAM, I just go in and suicide immediately because I'm more useful dead than alive.  I'm pretty sure the same thing happens in SR when people start grouping.  If Kled gets dismounted, his team has to disengage immediately and let him farm minions to rebuild courage, or else they have to risk fighting a 4v5.  Can someone explain how this makes any sense at all and why people even bother playing Kled if he becomes basically a quarter of a champion without Skaarl?	KledMains	1492593188
RoA on TF? Can someone explain why people are getting Rod of Ages on TF all of a sudden?  This is a purchase that doesn't seem to make too much sense to me.1. He gets Lich Bane so he doesn't really need the mana.  If you really need mana that much might as well take the Meditation mastery.2. He spends most of his time outside of danger range so he doesn't really need the health.3. It delays/replaces core items like Lich Bane, Luden's, Zhonya/Abyssal if you need them, Void, and Hat.4. Champions that arguably get a lot more use out of the item (like Lissandra, Annie, Cassiopeia, Azir, Diana) don't get it.So...why RoA on TF of all people?	TwistedFateMains	1492677017
Question about lane priority What is lane priority exactly?  I've seen this term thrown around a few times (like Gragas has priority over Shen, LeBlanc has priority over most mids, etc.) but don't really understand it.  Is it just a fancy term for saying the champion with higher priority tends to win lane over the other?	summonerschool	1493149259
Hovering over friend's name in new client doesn't work I'm trying to see how long my friend is in game, but nothing pops up when I hover over their name.  Tried hover, single click, and double click, but nothing works.  Is this happening with anyone else?  This is extremely frustrating, not to mention just one of many issues I have with the new client.	leagueoflegends	1493288161
Eldan Gauntlet drop issue and RNG I've been playing for almost half a year (ilvl 120/115 Medic), and today was the first time that I've ever seen a Weathered Eldan Gauntlet drop.  Ever.  And of course I lost the roll.  Riiiiiiiip.  Now it's probably gonna be another half year before I even see another one, and then I'll have to win the roll on top of that and pray to RNGsus again.  Since this game doesnt work on a bidding system when it comes to loot, the rest of the party doesnt get anything aside from trash while one person walks away with an extremely valuable item for free, at absolutely no cost to them.  Its extremely tilting when I hear of people having played less time than I have with much lower gear/ilvl getting Eldans out of sheer dumb luck.  Its even more tilting when people complain that they cant imbue their gauntlets because they keep dying at X-89 or failing Kuralak challenge, while being near the bottom of the DPS meter; some of these people even have the audacity to flame in Nexus chat about how the raid wasn't willing to wipe for them in order to get their imbuement done.  How do these people even deserve this drop?(not that important) For context, I come from Blade &amp; Soul where all loot is bid on; I admit that system does have its issues, many more than WildStars Need vs Greed/priority roll system, but when an extremely rare, legendary-quality item drops, the party bid wars on the item and the winner pays out the rest of the party in gold so everyone gets a share of the loot.  Not necessarily a 100% fair division, but everybody gets something.  And for more context, this frustration with rare item drops (required to craft highest ilvl weapons) is why I quit Vindictus for a long time, until they added the ability to buy rare these rare materials from a vendor using tokens, hereby bypassing RNG if you farmed enough.  But I quit that for different reasons.This gets me thinking, why isn't there a non-RNG way to get these?  Like say, making them buyable with a couple hundred thousand glory (10k glory per Weathered Eldan Fragment, and you exchange fragments aka tokens for the quest item)?  As of now, we have to face double-stacked RNG (RNG to make it drop, then RNG again to win the roll against your party members) to actually get these.  Like every single piece of 100, 120, 130, 135 gear is obtainable from a vendor of some sort.  But not Eldans.  Currently this issue with Eldan Gauntlets, the BiS gloves at full imbuement, makes it unbelievably frustrating to try to get and is overall just really bad game design.  I am not farming STL and KV nonstop for weeks only to lose the roll and get absolutely nothing out of the dungeon again.  I refuse to put up with this bullshit.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr ilvl 120/115, been playing for almost half a year.  I saw Eldan Gauntlets drop for the first time ever, but lost the roll, and I will probably have to wait months to even see another one, much less get it.  There should be a non-RNG way to get these because this double-stacked RNG is cancer.@people who have them, @people who don't have them, and @people who don't care for them: what are your thoughts?	WildStar	1493366032
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1493381420
Void Staff in 7.9 PSA part: I see so many people in silver still not build Void Staff on AP mids when enemies have Abyssal on mid/SV on top/Maw on jungle/Locket on support.  In 7.9, ALL champions are getting MR per level, and there are going to be a lot of MR items added.  This means that Void Staff is NOT skippable now, no matter how squishy the enemy team is.  Even if they literally build no MR or have an all carry comp in ARAM, VS is still a core item at the end of the game.Question part: Since Banshee's Veil is probably going to be core on a lot of mid laners, is Void Staff mandatory as a 2nd item?  Like Morello Negatron Void BV or something like that?  What about champions with multiple core items like Ekko (Protobelt Zhonya) or Viktor (Hexcore Lich Rylai)?  Do I just get it after core items, even if it means that it gets delayed until 4th?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1493760976
GA on bruisers and tanks I know that new GA is busted as hell on AD assassins.  But what about bruisers and tanks that scale off AD and build HP like Darius, Olaf, Garen, Jax, Irelia, Camille, Fiora, Lee Sin, Rek'Sai, Poppy, Shen?  The revive is based on base HP not total/bonus HP.  Would GA be good for them as well?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1493858903
Gargoyle Stoneplate on non-tanks Since Gargoyle Stoneplate has been out for a few days, what does everyone think of it?  It is for sure busted as hell on full tank champions, but what about bruisers that are meant to do damage (Camille, Irelia, Jax, Fiora, Xin Zhao, Vi)?  Would it be good idea to disregard the active (only popping it if getting focused and there is downtime in damage) and use it solely as a super cost-efficient defensive item for the 80 armor and MR in teamfights?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1494052080
no text for post found	Showerthoughts	1494307160
"Glass cannon" Xin Zhao I just finished a game as Master Yi where I built Skirmisher-Bloodrazor, Mercs, BotRK, Titanic Hydra, and GA.  My last item was going to be a Maw or Wit's.  I ended up doing pretty well, surviving long enough to not get instantly blown up during snare while being able to instakill the enemy Xayah as soon as she got out of her ult.  Xin is a champion that goes in and has pretty much the same role, at least the way I see it.  This "glass cannon" build isn't exactly glass since it has a bit of survivability, but it has a much higher focus on damage over tankiness.  I feel like this build would work on Xin as well for the sake of jumping into the back line, knocking their tanks out, and one-shotting their carries.  What do you guys think?edit: If it makes a difference, I'm low silver and the game I played was a normal.tl;dr: Does glass cannon Xin Zhao work with new GA?	XinZhaoMains	1494397562
If you have a teammate trying to catch up, please don't power clear minion waves. Laning against a hard counter while your teammates have 0 consideration is by far the most tilting thing ever in this game.  I was playing Veigar and the enemy last picks Zed, which is one of the hardest counters in the game (maybe even the hardest).  To make matters even worse, he rushes Maw.  Nothing else, just plain stupid cheese for the sole purpose of screwing over 1 person.I know that this is a hard counter and I have no hope of winning lane or even staying in lane unless my jungler basically duo laned mid with me, so I sit back like 1000 units behind the minion wave.  I specifically told my jungler to not waste his time trying to gank Zed and focus on other lanes.  I didn't even die that much (died once solo and once to gank), but I have like 40 CS at 10 mins to his 70.  At 20 mins I have 80 CS, he has 140.  Knowing my champion, I want to freeze minion waves near our base, so I ask my team to not powerclear so I can stack my passive.  And of course nobody listens and the CS differential falls even more behind.  This is on top of the fact that I went Lost Chapter-Zhonya's instead of going Morello first, for the purpose of even having the slight possibility of not getting one-shotted.  I even willingly compromised my build, yet people still don't care.  I ended up finishing my first completed item (Zhonya) at 23 minutes because my teammates kept denying farm from me.This is merely one recent example (I have a lot of experiences as ADC and top too), but if you have a teammate who is falling behind due to a bad matchup and needs to catch up in farm, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE stop power clearing minion waves if they ask to farm.  If you instantly clear the minion wave, you are doing several very bad things that are likely to screw over your teammate and/or team.1. You are denying your teammate farm.  Your teammate is in desperate need of that farm to catch up and get their core items, while you're already in a good spot and your champion is playable.  This game is about fighting the enemy team, not fighting your own teammates.  2 non-supports both at 150 CS is much stronger than 1 person at 250 CS and 1 person at 50.2. You're pushing minion waves out too fast.  When the enemy has vision control over most of the map, you DO NOT want minion waves to push to their side unless you see that they're split up.  Your minions being closer to their side means that they have less danger to face in order to farm.  It increases the chance of someone getting caught by so much it's not even funny.3. You are losing so much pressure by sending unnecessary people.  If the laner who is behind is solo farming a lane close to base, chances are the enemy isn't gonna be there (because if they would, they would be grossly overextending and you can just catch them).  While on your side, you have a fed champion doing nothing but afk farming minions instead of going for objectives, effectively wasting all the gold on that champion.  Which brings the point back: why are you competing with your teammate for farm while the enemy knows your every move, instead of exerting pressure somewhere else like a useful person?For the love of god, please be considerate of your teammates who had a bad matchup and are just trying to get back into the game.  Is that so hard to do?  Are people really so selfish that they'd rather inflate their own numbers than get closer to winning the game?tl;dr: Please stop power clearing minion waves if a teammate who is behind asks to farm.On a side note: I should just play high damage lane bullies from now on lol.  What's the point of playing scaling champions if your teams never let you get there.  Assassins and divers are literally freelo.	summonerschool	1494408317
no text for post found	Showerthoughts	1494902004
no text for post found	explainlikeimfive	1494904467
How hard is it to get a work (Z) visa as a class C expat? Posting here because I've searched this on Google and didn't get the exact answers I was looking for.I am a U.S. citizen of Chinese heritage and recent college graduate.  I am going to Shanghai at the end of May for a internship (in the technical industry) that I got through a parent's contact lasting 6 months, and my plane tickets are already booked.  Previously all of my trips to China have been for travel, so I currently have a 10-year tourist (L) visa with a 60-day stay limit.  When applying for the work (Z) visa (in order to be able to stay longer) though, I was told that I needed a notification of work permit from the China State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs ( ).  However, when I asked for one from the company I am planning to work for, they said that they couldn't get me one because I have under 60 points (I only have 38 since I have no full-time work experience, so I'm considered a class C foreigner despite being a college graduate).  Is this...normal?  How do I get this work permit that I need give the embassy when applying for the visa?  Alternately, is there any way to bypass this step?  Ultimately, how hard is it to get a Z visa with my standing as a class C expat?&amp;nbsp;Edit: Since my internship is only 6 months, would it be a better/more viable idea to get a business (F) visa instead?  It only requires an invitation letter and nothing from the government.	China	1495011591
no text for post found	DiWHY	1495843595
no text for post found	mildlyconfusing	1496537028
no text for post found	CrappyDesign	1496537640
no text for post found	mildlyinfuriating	1496538249
How do you make people stop fighting 4v5 without you? This is seriously starting to piss me off.  I play a very split push-y style and group with my team only if there is an important objective like dragon, baron, or tower after ace; otherwise I'm always off pushing a side lane.  I've also tailored my champion pool and builds toward my playstyle; I usually play skirmishers and champions that are good at 1v1 or 2v2, not team-reliant teamfighters or AoE wombo comboers.  This goes for every role, including ADC and support, since I get filled a lot in blind pick, so I don't always have Teleport.  I do this because I play better when I don't have the pressure of the entire enemy team in my face 24/7 (e.g. if I don't get camped in lane I can do fine).  However, literally every single fucking time, my team engages when I'm clearly not there and have no intention to be there, and they proceed to get wiped.  I've lost so many games due to this it's ridiculous.  Fortunately I've stepped back and played just normals because I don't want to lose too much elo, but it doesn't make it any less frustrating.  I can't trust anyone.  My win rate over the past month has dropped to about 40% because of this.  This is driving me crazy and I feel like if I went back to ranked, the exact same thing would happen and I would just drop all the way down to bronze because my teammates have no clue how to not fight.  Is there any way to pound into people's heads to not constantly hard engage 4v5s on purpose?	summonerschool	1496590300
Strange beeping sound when I move my mouse in game, followed by freeze when I try to tab out WIP and prone to edits.&amp;nbsp;This issue has come up recently and is extremely annoying.  I would be playing a full-screen game, and suddenly the mouse will lag and stutter a lot while making this weird rapid beeping sound.  Then when I try to tab out of the game or click, it freezes and is only fixable by a force shutdown.  Ctrl-Alt-Delete and Ctrl-Shift-Escape do not do anything.&amp;nbsp;My computer:Computer: Lenovo Yoga 720-15 IKB (laptop)Version: Windows 10 Home, all updates installedStorage: 512 GB SSDRAM: 16 GBProcessor: Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8 GHzGraphics: Intel HD Graphics 630 (integrated), Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 (dedicated)Mouse: Logitech M525 (wireless)&amp;nbsp;This issue mainly happens in WildStar; Overwatch doesn't make the beeping sound, but the screen just goes dark and takes a long time to tab out.  I haven't tried with League of Legends yet, but I'm sure something similar will probably happen.  I run games with the Nvidia graphics card and everything else with the Intel graphics card.  I get 60 FPS on medium-low settings until this problem, so I'm pretty sure it shouldn't be an issue of my graphics card being too weak.  It looks like a corruption or bad update for Windows, CPU, or GPU.&amp;nbsp;I've already looked up this problem in multiple places.  Fixes applied (and edits) are:I've installed all updates.I've updated drivers for my graphics cards in Device Manager.I've repaired my game installation.I do not have any XBox software; under Device Manger and Human Interface Devices, XINPUT does not exist, so the fix telling me to reinstall that is not applicable.I've disabled StickyKeys in accessibility options.I've disabled USB selective suspend setting in advanced power settings.I've unchecked "Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power" under all USB hubs in Device Manager.I've reinstalled the Nvidia drivers.&amp;nbsp;Does anyone else have this issue, know what's going on, or know how to fix it?  Any help or information would be much appreciated.	techsupport	1496710902
Strange beeping sound when I move my mouse in game, followed by freeze when I try to tab out WIP and prone to edits.&amp;nbsp;This issue has come up recently and is extremely annoying.  I would be playing a full-screen game, and suddenly the mouse will lag and stutter a lot while making this weird rapid beeping sound.  Then when I try to tab out of the game or click, it freezes and is only fixable by a force shutdown.  Ctrl-Alt-Delete and Ctrl-Shift-Escape do not do anything.&amp;nbsp;My computer:Computer: Lenovo Yoga 720-15 IKB (laptop)Version: Windows 10 Home, all updates installedStorage: 512 GB SSDRAM: 16 GBProcessor: Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8 GHzGraphics: Intel HD Graphics 630 (integrated), Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 (dedicated)Mouse: Logitech M525 (wireless)&amp;nbsp;This issue mainly happens in WildStar; Overwatch doesn't make the beeping sound, but the screen just goes dark and takes a long time to tab out.  I haven't tried with League of Legends yet, but I'm sure something similar will probably happen.  I run games with the Nvidia graphics card and everything else with the Intel graphics card.  I get 60 FPS on medium-low settings until this problem, so I'm pretty sure it shouldn't be an issue of my graphics card being too weak.  It looks like a corruption or bad update for Windows, CPU, or GPU.&amp;nbsp;I've already looked up this problem in multiple places.  Fixes applied (and edits) are:I've installed all updates.I've updated drivers for my graphics cards in Device Manager.I've repaired my game installation.I do not have any XBox software; under Device Manger and Human Interface Devices, XINPUT does not exist, so the fix telling me to reinstall that is not applicable.I've disabled StickyKeys in accessibility options.I've disabled USB selective suspend setting in advanced power settings.I've unchecked "Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power" under all USB hubs in Device Manager.I've reinstalled the Nvidia drivers.&amp;nbsp;Does anyone else have this issue, know what's going on, or know how to fix it?  Any help or information would be much appreciated.&amp;nbsp;[](/unresolved)	pcgamingtechsupport	1496729050
Strange beeping sound when I move my mouse in game, followed by freeze when I try to tab out WIP and prone to edits.&amp;nbsp;This issue has come up recently and is extremely annoying.  I would be playing a full-screen game, and suddenly the mouse will lag and stutter a lot while making this weird rapid beeping sound.  Then when I try to tab out of the game or click, it freezes and is only fixable by a force shutdown.  Ctrl-Alt-Delete and Ctrl-Shift-Escape do not do anything.&amp;nbsp;My computer:Computer: Lenovo Yoga 720-15 IKB (laptop)Version: Windows 10 Home, all updates installedStorage: 512 GB SSDRAM: 16 GBProcessor: Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8 GHzGraphics: Intel HD Graphics 630 (integrated), Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 (dedicated)Mouse: Logitech M525 (wireless)&amp;nbsp;This issue mainly happens in WildStar; Overwatch doesn't make the beeping sound, but the screen just goes dark and takes a long time to tab out.  I haven't tried with League of Legends yet, but I'm sure something similar will probably happen.  I run games with the Nvidia graphics card and everything else with the Intel graphics card.  I get 60 FPS on medium-low settings until this problem, so I'm pretty sure it shouldn't be an issue of my graphics card being too weak.  It looks like a corruption or bad update for Windows, CPU, or GPU.&amp;nbsp;I've already looked up this problem in multiple places.  Fixes applied (and edits) are:I've installed all updates.I've updated drivers for my graphics cards in Device Manager.I've repaired my game installation.I do not have any XBox software; under Device Manger and Human Interface Devices, XINPUT does not exist, so the fix telling me to reinstall that is not applicable.I've disabled StickyKeys in accessibility options.I've disabled USB selective suspend setting in advanced power settings.I've unchecked "Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power" under all USB hubs in Device Manager.I've reinstalled the Nvidia drivers.&amp;nbsp;Does anyone else have this issue, know what's going on, or know how to fix it?  Any help or information would be much appreciated.&amp;nbsp;[](/unresolved)	24hoursupport	1496729811
Strange beeping sound when I move my mouse in game, followed by freeze when I try to tab out WIP and prone to edits.&amp;nbsp;This issue has come up recently and is extremely annoying.  I would be playing a full-screen game, and suddenly the mouse will lag and stutter a lot while making this weird rapid beeping sound.  Then when I try to tab out of the game or click, it freezes and is only fixable by a force shutdown.  Ctrl-Alt-Delete and Ctrl-Shift-Escape do not do anything.&amp;nbsp;My computer:Computer: Lenovo Yoga 720-15 IKB (laptop)Version: Windows 10 Home, all updates installedStorage: 512 GB SSDRAM: 16 GBProcessor: Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8 GHzGraphics: Intel HD Graphics 630 (integrated), Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 (dedicated)Mouse: Logitech M525 (wireless)&amp;nbsp;This issue mainly happens in WildStar; Overwatch doesn't make the beeping sound, but the screen just goes dark and takes a long time to tab out.  I haven't tried with League of Legends yet, but I'm sure something similar will probably happen.  I run games with the Nvidia graphics card and everything else with the Intel graphics card.  I get 60 FPS on medium-low settings until this problem, so I'm pretty sure it shouldn't be an issue of my graphics card being too weak.  It looks like a corruption or bad update for Windows, CPU, or GPU.&amp;nbsp;I've already looked up this problem in multiple places.  Fixes applied (and edits) are:I've installed all updates.I've updated drivers for my graphics cards in Device Manager.I've repaired my game installation.I do not have any XBox software; under Device Manger and Human Interface Devices, XINPUT does not exist, so the fix telling me to reinstall that is not applicable.I've disabled StickyKeys in accessibility options.I've disabled USB selective suspend setting in advanced power settings.I've unchecked "Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power" under all USB hubs in Device Manager.I've reinstalled the Nvidia drivers.&amp;nbsp;Does anyone else have this issue, know what's going on, or know how to fix it?  Any help or information would be much appreciated.	Lenovo	1496734733
no text for post found	hmmm	1497408698
WildStar down? Gives me an error "Can't connect to NCSoft login services" for some reason, even though rest of my Internet is working fine.Edit: It was down for about half an hour when I posted, it's been up now.	WildStar	1497489150
no text for post found	Awwducational	1497518013
Can't add/edit friends on Snapchat while in China even though everything else is fine I'm currently in China where Snapchat is banned (I have no idea why, but that's besides the point). I use ExpressVPN to access the Internet on my phone and Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, etc. all work fine. I can view stories and send snaps. However, for some reason, I can't add friends or edit friend names on just Snapchat. Whenever I hit the button saying "+Add," the + sign just briefly spins and goes back to + immediately. Whenever I try to edit a friend's name, it instantly says "Could not set display name. Please try again." Oddly, when I turn off my VPN, I can occasionally edit friends' names, but not all the time, even though I'm technically not supposed to be able to access SC. The adding friends works at random times as well, albeit with less consistency and a smaller success rate (I often have to try over 10 times to make it work).  I've searched this problem countless times and not a single person has a fix at all. Am I the only one who has had this problem? Does anyone know wtf is going on and how to make editing my friends list more consistent?	techsupport	1498066754
Playlist shuffle working on mobile but not desktop I'm playing music from Spotify.  I have my music on both computer and phone; both are in front of me right now and both are connected to the same Wi-Fi network.  When I play my playlist on shuffle in the mobile app, the songs are distributed approximately evenly, so everything is fine.  However, when I play my playlist on shuffle in the desktop app, it only shuffles the songs at the top of the playlist.  For example, if I sort the playlist by artist, it only plays the songs by the artists starting with A, sometimes B, because those are the ones at the top of the list.  This is extremely frustrating as I basically can't play music on shuffle when I'm on computer.  Is anyone else having this issue?	spotify	1498122408
[Meta] Can't add/edit friends on Snapchat while in China even though everything else is fine I'm currently in China where Snapchat is banned (I have no idea why, but that's besides the point). I use ExpressVPN to access the Internet on my phone and Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, etc. all work fine. I can view stories and send snaps. However, for some reason, I can't add friends or edit friend names on just Snapchat. Whenever I hit the button saying "+Add," the + sign just briefly spins and goes back to + immediately. Whenever I try to edit a friend's name, it instantly says "Could not set display name. Please try again." Oddly, when I turn off my VPN, I can occasionally edit friends' names, but not all the time, even though I'm technically not supposed to be able to access SC. The adding friends works at random times as well, albeit with less consistency and a smaller success rate (I often have to try over 10 times to make it work).  I've searched this problem countless times and not a single person has a fix at all. Am I the only one who has had this problem? Does anyone know wtf is going on and how to make editing my friends list more consistent?	snapchat	1498123112
Can't add/edit friends on Snapchat while in China even though everything else is fine I'm currently in China where Snapchat is banned (I have no idea why, but that's besides the point). I use ExpressVPN to access the Internet on my phone and Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, etc. all work fine. I can view stories and send snaps. However, for some reason, I can't add friends or edit friend names on just Snapchat. Whenever I hit the button saying "+Add," the + sign just briefly spins and goes back to + immediately. Whenever I try to edit a friend's name, it instantly says "Could not set display name. Please try again." Oddly, when I turn off my VPN, I can occasionally edit friends' names, but not all the time, even though I'm technically not supposed to be able to access SC. The adding friends works at random times as well, albeit with less consistency and a smaller success rate (I often have to try over 10 times to make it work).  I've searched this problem countless times and not a single person has a fix at all. Am I the only one who has had this problem? Does anyone know wtf is going on and how to make editing my friends list more consistent?	iphonehelp	1498123779
no text for post found	JenniferLawrence	1498210237
Why isn't Poppy played more in competitive? Teams around the world are abusing the 0 counterplay Jarvan-Rakan-Galio wombo combo in Patch 7.11-7.12, which can instantly one-shot any ADC or mid laner if they don't have Flash up.  I was just watching the LCS and LCK games from this past week, and I was just wondering, why isn't Poppy played more in competitive?  She hard counters Jarvan because her W blocks his E-Q flag and drag combo, and if he flashes, she can stun him against his own wall with her charge.  She also soft counters Rakan, Galio, Gragas, Zac, and Shen due to her W and R blocking their gap closers and % HP damage on her Q letting her fight back.  Overall she is naturally tanky, synergizes well with meta items (IBG, DMP, GSP, etc.), doesn't have too bad of a laning phase, and got buffed not too long ago if I remember correctly).  Can anyone give some insight about this possible counterpick?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1498491534
Why isn't Poppy played more in competitive? Teams around the world are abusing the 0 counterplay Jarvan-Rakan-Galio wombo combo in Patch 7.11-7.12, which can instantly one-shot any ADC or mid laner if they don't have Flash up.  I was just watching the LCS and LCK games from this past week, and I was just wondering, why isn't Poppy played more in competitive?  She hard counters Jarvan because her W blocks his E-Q flag and drag combo, and if he flashes, she can stun him against his own wall with her charge.  She also soft counters Rakan, Galio, Gragas, Zac, and Shen due to her W and R blocking their gap closers and % HP damage on her Q letting her fight back.  Overall she is naturally tanky, synergizes well with meta items (IBG, DMP, GSP, etc.), doesn't have too bad of a laning phase, and got buffed not too long ago if I remember correctly).  Can anyone give some insight about this possible counterpick?	leagueoflegends	1498493259
Will Carbine ever add another way to get Divine Class Majors? For context, I do not have a stable schedule nor much time during the week in general so I can't be in a dedicated raid group, leaving me to pug pretty much everything.  On the bright side, this lets me do dungeons for gear when I have extra time after finishing all my x10 and purple essence bonuses, and I'm progressing my heroism and prime dungeon level at a healthy rate (3.5k atm).  I find it extremely strange that Divine Class Majors are not attainable in any way outside of raid.  I've opened over a thousand runecrafting bags now with both Glory and Promissory Notes, and I have gotten tons of Set Majors/Minors, Pure/Divine Class Minors, and several Pure Class Majors but never a single Divine Class Major.  At this point, I'm pretty convinced that they're not even in the drop table.  What's the logic behind not including Divine Class Majors in bags?  The price for a single one on Commodity Exchange is not trivial, so I'm forced to stick with 4 minors in order to get a set.  With prime expeditions and dungeons, it's extremely easy to get high ilevel gear but almost impossible to get the runes for it.  Will Carbine ever add more ways to get these runes besides raids?Edit: shameless plug, anyone on NA sitting on a bunch of divine class majors they're willing to sell at a discount?  or any atomic charge/resource probes (medic ds set) majors they don't need anymore?	WildStar	1498556959
Wildstar website login down for anyone else? the game works fine but i can't log in to purchase protobucks or create a ticket saying i can't log in -__-&amp;nbsp;i keep getting either aERROR Something went wrong on our end. Please try again in a few minutes.or aHas been restricted to the purchase of this product. [-1]&amp;nbsp;i've already closed and restarted the launcher multiple times.  what's going on?&amp;nbsp;Edit: Does NCSoft not have account service in China or something?  I'm using a VPN so that shouldn't be an issue anyway though...	WildStar	1498615606
Medic Resource Probes set is bugged I just got 8/8 Resource Probes and I was testing out the spread and extra focus regen while doing a world boss.  For the lazy, the set effects are:4 Power: Resource Probes: When your Mending Probes or Protection Probes end, they will reapply to the nearest party member within 15m.8 Power: Resource Probes: For each active Mending or Protection Probe, restore 1 focus every 2s.&amp;nbsp;I can see the buff for the 8/8 set that shows the number of active probes you have, and that is counted correctly.  However, there is a bug with the 4/8 set bonus.  Apparently if you have either Mending Probes or Protection Probes on 2 people next to each other, neither one will spread.  I was standing right next to my party member next to the world boss and used both.  At first we both got the probe bonuses.  But after they expired, neither of us had them; the probes just disappeared.  My buff shows this clearly, as the number next to the little Mending Probe icon went from 10 to 0.  I tested this with only Mending Probes, only Protection Probes, and both.  It's bugged in all 3 cases.This is not too big of a deal for expedition or dungeon healing since you cast Mending/Protection/Empowering probes off CD for only 5 people, but it is absolutely game-breaking for raid healing, and, by extension, world boss and open-world event (Lightspire, R12, etc.) healing.  For one, it completely nullifies the build if you're a raider, forcing you to take Rejuvenation, which does not give damage reduction.  The flat damage reduction can prevent some one-shots/high damage telegraphs with multiple hits (like Mordechai's terraformer lasers or Y-83 maze), since T8 Mending Probes only prevents one-shot for one hit.  It is also not always easy to aim in the optimal spot because it casts 15m away and doesn't move.  I tried it and it is a massive pain in the ass.  My party members don't even realize it's there half the time, and 75% of the remaining time they walk out of it instead of staying in it to get healed. -__- Not to mention if there is a mechanic that requires the entire group to get out of an area (like Hazirog's Soulfrost Surges, X-89 platforms, or Volatility Lattice), well, rip your entire cooldown.Next thing, which is even worse, is that it happens even if the probes are not from the same source.  If there is another medic healer in the raid, your probes will literally cancel each other out, resulting in less healing for everyone.  For this reason alone, it is a terrible idea to have more than 1 medic healer in a raid.Is Carbine aware of this bug?  If so, is there any possibility that this will be fixed?  Our other 2 class sets are already not very good (nobody uses Triage or Barrier so Reanimator is useless, and Great Aegis 8/8 literally kills your tank), and our only viable one being bugged is just a giant slap in the face for medic healers.	WildStar	1498700943
no text for post found	VPN	1498703878
In China, is there any way to be able to access a network that isn't affected by the Great Firewall? Aka, is there any way that I would be able to access websites and apps like Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram without a VPN?  Snapchat and the NCSoft login website are having major issues even with my VPN enabled, so I need to access a network that doesn't have a GFW block on it.	NoStupidQuestions	1498725238
Confused and annoyed at ticket about account lock Long, but if you have ever had issues with account locking and successfully managed to file a support ticket to unlock it, please continue reading.  Otherwise feel free to skip over this post since it's not really relevant lol.&amp;nbsp;So I'm trying to get an account block of some sort resolved.  I am currently in China at the moment but I use ExpressVPN with a U.S. port, so it should act as if I'm connecting from a U.S. network.  I'm trying to purchase Protobucks but it won't let me, on any browser and with or without VPN.  I suspected that this was due to an account lock since I lost my phone about a month ago and had support remove my authenticator.  I submitted a ticket then submitted another one after the first one got no response for a while, but they merged them without responding to the original one until recently.  This is what I have.&amp;nbsp;Hello,Thank you for your patience.You could be receiving the message you are describing as the result of one of the following reasons:- The result of security measures in place for the protection of our games, our players and their information and accounts.This means that your attempts to access an account closely mirror that of individuals who intentionally attack the services we provide with malicious intent. As such, we cannot allow accounts to be accessed under those circumstances.- That your system is blocking security features of our website. Please make sure that your system is not blocking any features of our website and that your Java plugin is enabled and up-to-date.- That the account you're attempting to log into, or the device your attempting to log in from is associated with another account found to be in violation of our Terms of User or User Agreements or guilty of payment violations such as fraud or chargebacks.- Alternately, this message could mean that you are attempting to access our services from a region where the service is not available. If that is the case, you will not be able to create or access an account.I am sorry, but we will not be able to assist you with accessing an account at this time.Thanks,Foo Bar (name changed)NCSOFT Support Team&amp;nbsp;Followed by this after I prodded them another time:&amp;nbsp;Hello,As I mentioned in my last response, one of the reasons I provided is what is preventing you from accessing our web services. Since these are security measures, we cannot assist you with bypassing them.I'm sorry that we are not able to assist you in the manner you had hoped.Regards,Foo BarNCSOFT Support Team&amp;nbsp;Like...which reason?  Giving me a list is not helpful, and it doesn't do anything to help me help you resolve this.  Has anyone else gotten this seemingly canned/automated response to a support ticket?  I don't understand how this is possible.  I'm sending emails from the original email address my NCSoft account was created with.  This is seriously starting to piss me off because I know this is an easily resolvable issue, but I don't know why they're refusing to help me.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr Account is locked and support is refusing to unlock it despite me sending it from my own account.	WildStar	1498782998
no text for post found	jesuschristreddit	1498800579
no text for post found	AskWomen	1498975809
Do girls usually ask questions about other girls in a guy's picture? Apologies for the unclear title.  Also I'm a guy in case my flair doesn't work.There's this one girl from my school I've been talking to for a while.  I suspected that she was interested before but wasn't entirely sure so I didn't do anything about it.  Anyway I snapped her a picture of my dinner which had my female coworker in the background and no one else in the picture (so it looked like just the 2 of us at the table), and she (girl from school) asked who that person was.  Of course I answered truthfully but I was wondering why she asked.  Everyone here is between 20 and 25.  My guy friends and I ask each other these things just to mess with each other, but don't remember my female friends ever asking such a thing.  Is this a thing that women do normally, or is this an indicator of something else about the person who asks said question?	askwomenadvice	1498992554
no text for post found	relationships	1498993186
Is it normal to work overtime, at home, and on weekends? So I'm currently at an internship right now that pays by the day, not by hour.  Based on this I don't think there is overtime pay, but I'm not entirely sure.  They don't really enforce exact hours of arrival and departure, as long as the long-term average comes to about 8 working hours a day.  I was told by someone in management that people (full-time employees) regularly stay longer than the required 8 hours per day (until like 8, 9 p.m.), often take their work with them to do at home, and sometimes come in on weekends to work more.  Is this normal at most office-like work places, or is this not really a thing?	jobs	1499187325
Is it normal to work overtime, at home, and on weekends? So I'm currently at an internship right now that pays by the day, not by hour.  Based on this I don't think there is overtime pay, but I'm not entirely sure.  They don't really enforce exact hours of arrival and departure, as long as the long-term average comes to about 8 working hours a day.  I was told by someone in management that people (full-time employees) regularly stay longer than the required 8 hours per day (until like 8, 9 p.m.), often take their work with them to do at home, and sometimes come in on weekends to work more.  Is this normal at most office-like work places, or is this not really a thing?	cscareerquestions	1499188076
Is it normal to work overtime, at home, and on weekends? So I'm currently at an internship right now that pays by the day, not by hour.  Based on this I don't think there is overtime pay, but I'm not entirely sure.  They don't really enforce exact hours of arrival and departure, as long as the long-term average comes to about 8 working hours a day.  I was told by someone in management that people (full-time employees) regularly stay longer than the required 8 hours per day (until like 8, 9 p.m.), often take their work with them to do at home, and sometimes come in on weekends to work more.  Is this normal at most office-like work places, or is this not really a thing?	NoStupidQuestions	1499188689
Fuck China Internet Long post ahead, apologies.I swear to God, China has the most fucking garbage Internet out of every single modernized country.  Absolutely no contest.  I'm American-born and only here for a temporary stay, but not a single day goes by that I don't get pissed off at something solely because of the Great Firewall.For those of you that don't know, China has the Great Firewall, which is a nation-wide piece of bullshit that blocks, censors, and throttles everything possible about the Internet and completely destroys any semblance of Internet freedom that you have.1. 75% of the websites and apps I use don't work.  Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter, YouTube, Dropbox, Google, etc.  What the fuck is this backwards logic?   I'm a primarily English speaker with all my friends in the U.S., not knowing a single person here.  I don't want to use your shitty-ass WeChat that nobody else I know uses.  I just want to talk with my friends and look at memes and shit I can understand, and you can't even let me do that?2. Even when I can access some things through a VPN, half of them don't work properly.  I can't add friends or change my friends' names on Snapchat because they have this stupid policy of blocking VPNs.  This makes literally 0 sense.  I also can't buy NCoin for the games I play because when I connect from a Chinese IP, "we don't offer service in China," and when I connect from an American VPN IP, "your account has been blocked due to suspicious activity."  Are you actually retarded?  Wtf is wrong with you?  The lack of search result doesn't help either, and I know that I'm not the only one with these issues.  And @ everyone who has submitted "solutions" like "reconnect" and "use a VPN" y'all motherfuckers are lying, because if that was a solution it would've worked already.  Also don't give me shit like "idk this worked for me" without telling me what you did.  I don't want your useless-ass information, I want something that actually works.  If all you have to tell me is "idk try again" or "just leave China" then you can fuck right off.3. In the few cases I actually get something to work through my VPN, it takes forever.  Can't scroll through my social media feeds without sitting at each post waiting a few seconds to load.  And god forbid I just need a little private time, nope, shit takes half an hour while I just stand there.  AAAHHHHH I might as well just give up.  Why is a paid VPN so slow?  I paid for this shit, I shouldn't be having to wait this long for basic shit to load.4. Traffic to every single website based outside China is throttled.  **Every.  Single.  One.**  No exceptions.  I am definitively 100% sure of this with absolutely no doubt.  I'm trying to do work but everything takes literally twice as long as it should just because of this retarded throttling.  Jesus fucking Christ if it wasn't bad already.  Why am I punished for legitimately wanting to learn?  I spend like half my work day searching how to make my Internet connection work like a normal one (VPN disconnecting, social media issues, waiting for research articles to load, etc.).  Well I'm sorry people, it's not my fault I work at a slower pace when my shit *literally doesn't load*.Don't get me wrong, I don't hate the people here (besides the driving culture but that's a different story).  But I would never live here for longer than half a year.  No matter what the circumstances.  Absolutely nothing can get me to stay.  I just can't wait to get out of here because living here is literally not possible due to the lack of Internet freedom.  I just can't wait for the day that the people in this country's government get their heads out of their asses.  I don't understand how this country of self-centered egotistical bitches can be considered a world leader in its current state.tl;dr: China's Internet is the absolute worst out of any modernized country.  Unless you're a native Chinese person with tons of friends here, never stay in this place long-term or you'll go crazy.	rant	1499226893
Any VPN that works with Snapchat fully? ExpressVPN isn't allowing me to add friends or change my friends' display names, so I'm looking for one that actually works and allows the use of ALL functions.	China	1499228521
Any VPN that works with Snapchat fully? ExpressVPN isn't allowing me to add friends or change my friends' display names, so I'm looking for one that actually works and allows the use of ALL functions.Edit: lol @ people downvoting without even bothering to help or contribute.Edit 2: okay so there is a fix with a slightly higher reliability.  If you change the ExpressVPN server to Hong Kong or Japan or something in Asia, it has a better chance of working.  Also, turning off Location Services for Snapchat can sometimes help as well.	shanghai	1499229702
no text for post found	VPN	1499230383
Error when trying to buy Protobucks I get an error when trying to buy Protobucks.  Through my VPN, I can log in and enter all my info fine.  I get all the way until the very end, but at the exact last screen I get a message saying either "Paypal was unable to process your order [5300]" (when selecting the PayPal option) or "Payment Authorization failed" (when selecting the card option).  Anyone know what's going on and why it's literally stopping me at the finish line?Edit: lol @ people downvoting without even bothering to help or contribute.	WildStar	1499231996
Another friendly reminder about runing your gear I've done prime dungeons for a while, and it's still a complete shock to see how many people have literally no runes in their gear and still want to do primes.  Being an alt is not an excuse; in fact, if you have a high geared main, it's even more of a shame if you're not runed because you can just mail over all the fragments, signs, and foci you need.  I almost want to kick these people from parties for prime dungeons, even prime 0s, because if you're unruned you're literally nothing but dead weight.  This isn't even an elitism issue.  Why would I take an unruned 70 person over someone who can actually contribute to the party?  Assault and support power don't mean jack shit if you have 6% crit/10% MH/12% crit mit/0.6% focus recovery.For those who don't know, runes are items you put into your gear for extra stats.  Most of your damage comes from your runes and secondary stats.  Runes are made of fragments and signs.  The fragments denote the item level of the rune, and the signs denote the element of the rune.  Each rune slot on your gear has a certain element (fire/earth/water/air/life/logic), and only a rune of that element can go into that slot.  The exception is fusion runes, which can go into any color, and fusion slots, which can hold any color rune (aka why you don't put fusion runes in fusion slots).  For level 50 gear, you need the item level to be at least 10 levels lower than the item level of the rune you want to slot.  For example, superb (80) runes can be put into any piece of gear that's item level 70 or higher, divine (120) runes can go into anything ilvl 110 or higher, and risen (140) runes require ilvl 130 or higher in order to be slotted.For beginner gear, just normal runes is fine.  The ilvl 68 vendor gear from the advanced gear vendor can hold high runes, which is a decent starting point.  Arcterra gear can hold superbs, which is slightly better.  When your gear gets to higher ilvls (like 100+ from contracts and high prime expeditions and low prime dungeons), you'll want to start using set runes instead of normal runes.  Set runes are runes belonging to a certain set, such as Striker/Devastation/Alleviation/Cynosure, and having other runes of a given set *in the same piece of gear* will give extra stats as a set bonus.  Set runes require foci as well as fragments and signs, and a set focus determines whether a rune contributes 1 or 2 toward the set bonus.You can buy runecrafting bags with renown, glory, and Protostar Promissory Notes.  Renown buys lesser-high (10-50 level) runes, and glory and notes buy superb-divine (80-120 level) runes.  All info regarding what you need to create runes is available at a runecrafting station or the RuneMaster addon (does not work with Risen runes unfortunately...don't know whether there is an update that makes it work).  There are plenty of guides around if you need to know which  sets and rune combinations are best for your class, or alternately ask in Nexus chat and someone is guaranteed to answer your questions within a few minutes.tl;dr: PLEASE rune your gear before you do prime dungeons and higher prime expeditions ffs.  I will literally give you runecrafting mats to get started if you need them.  Nobody wants to run with dead weight.	WildStar	1499240561
League of Legends and Mudfish Has anyone gotten League to work with Mudfish?  I'm currently in China and playing on my low level smurf is absolute cancer, so I would like to play on my NA account every now and then...just preferably not on 300 ping.	leagueoflegends	1499614232
no text for post found	BlackPeopleTwitter	1499997722
no text for post found	hmmm	1500249073
Why Colossus? TIL the radius for Courage of the Colossus is centered on your champion, not the champion you CCed.  This means that if you hook an enemy in the middle of their entire team, you only get the shield based on 1 person (assuming there are no other enemies close to you).  I've been taking TLD for the extra damage (I go a more damage-oriented bruiser build with IBG so I proc Thunderlord with QE alone) because CotC seems really bad for Blitz due to this interaction, but people are still taking it on him.  Thoughts?	blitzcrankmains	1500273392
Why Colossus? TIL the radius for Courage of the Colossus is centered on your champion, not the champion you CCed.  This means that if you bandage an enemy in the middle of their entire team, you only get the shield based on 1 person (assuming there are no other enemies close to you).  I've been taking Stoneborn Pact for the extra utility (I get Rylai 2nd item so I can apply the mark easily) because CotC seems really bad for Amumu due to this interaction, but people are still taking it on him.  (edit) Deathfire Touch seems like a viable choice too for a more damage-oriented build with Runic Echoes + Rylai + Liandry.  (/edit)  Thoughts?	amumumains	1500274188
no text for post found	CrappyDesign	1500517109
no text for post found	politics	1500535613
If runes are eventually going to be editable in champion select, please give us more time to set up after champions are locked in. With Runes Reforged, rune pages are going to be editable in champion select.  I often do a lot of last second lock ins or ARAM trades, and my client is extremely slow, so 10 seconds is not even close to enough to set up runes, masteries, and summoners.  We should get 30 seconds in all modes (blind/draft/all random) at the very least, preferably a minute, after all champions are locked to allow us to set everything up before we go into game.	leagueoflegends	1500620889
Top meta champions in each role right now? Can someone list all the top meta champions in each role right now (patch 7.14)?  I don't play that much besides ARAM and casual normals occasionally but I'm surprised there aren't that many galio/zac/fiora/botrk hurricane ADC picks in competitive, and I thought maokai was garbage after the rework	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1500787042
Do you get gifts for friends when hanging out? So I'm going on vacation this weekend and visiting some of my college friends, not all at the same time, in their home country.  Some of them live in the country I am visiting, others are just studying abroad.  All we're doing is meeting up and presumably getting a meal outside somewhere, and I'm not explicitly traveling with them or visiting their homes/parents (at least I wasn't planning to).  My parents keep telling me that I need to bring gifts for them, like small snacks and stuff like that.  However, to my understanding, I thought that gifts weren't really a thing unless it was talked about beforehand or it's a special occasion like a housewarming/birthday/wedding?  (If it makes a difference, I'm a Chinese-American guy, my family is Chinese, and my friends are non-Chinese Asian-American.)  When I ate out with them in school I didn't feel an obligation to buy anything, and I'm not sure if this would classify as the same.  In the past when I went to friends' places for house parties, the only gift I brought was a six-pack of beer or a bottle of wine.  Should I buy gifts before I fly over or not?tl;dr: Should I buy gifts for my friends if I'm just visiting and hanging out with them overseas, since people don't really do it when they hang out in their hometown/in college?  Is this a thing people do?	Advice	1501046784
Do you get gifts for friends when hanging out? So I'm going on vacation this weekend and visiting some of my college friends, not all at the same time, in their home country. Some of them live in the country I am visiting, others are just studying abroad. All we're doing is meeting up and presumably getting a meal outside somewhere, and I'm not explicitly traveling with them or visiting their homes/parents (at least I wasn't planning to). My parents keep telling me that I need to bring gifts for them, like small snacks and stuff like that. However, to my understanding, I thought that gifts weren't really a thing unless it was talked about beforehand or it's a special occasion like a housewarming/birthday/wedding? (If it makes a difference, I'm a Chinese-American guy, my family is Chinese, and my friends are non-Chinese Asian-American.) When I ate out with them in school I didn't feel an obligation to buy anything, and I'm not sure if this would classify as the same. In the past when I went to friends' places for house parties, the only gift I brought was a six-pack of beer or a bottle of wine. Should I buy gifts before I fly over or not?tl;dr: Should I buy gifts for my friends if I'm just visiting and hanging out with them overseas, since people don't really do it when they hang out in their hometown/in college? Is this a thing people do?	needadvice	1501047388
ULPT: If you're taking an unprotected left turn, pull up to the middle of the intersection or start turning even if it you don't have space to make it all the way. The other side has to let you go, even during a red light. If they don't let you go, you're stuck in the middle of the intersection or the oncoming lane, which causes even more traffic.Alternately if you're the first or second car in the lane, you can take a Boston Left, where you just gun it and take the left before the other side can reach you.Inspired by the astounding amounts of braindead drivers here in China who have no fucking idea that there is more than 1 person on the street.	UnethicalLifeProTips	1501125708
no text for post found	politics	1501222506
ELI5: why can't use power bank or phone in airplane mode on plane? [One] was listening to music and playing games like Flow, Sudoku, and Slitherlink during the flight and the flight attendants said that [them] had to turn it off.  The phone was in airplane mode. They also said over the announcer that power banks/portable chargers are not allowed to be used (assuming charging another device or being charged) and [it] don't get it. Since neither of those have online functionality, how would they affect the operation of the flight in any way?This was on a Chinese airline, if it makes a difference.Had to change pronouns for...reasons, just ignore them.	explainlikeimfive	1501485812
ELI5: why can't use power bank or phone in airplane mode on plane? I was listening to music and playing games like Flow, Sudoku, and Slitherlink during the flight and the flight attendants said that I had to turn it off. The phone was in airplane mode. They also said over the announcer that power banks/portable chargers are not allowed to be used (assuming charging another device or being charged) and I don't get it. Since neither of those have online functionality, how would they affect the operation of the flight in any way?This was on a Chinese airline, if it makes a difference.	airplanes	1501486437
no text for post found	mildlyinfuriating	1501836108
no text for post found	CrappyDesign	1501857383
If your teammate asks you if anyone wants to trade, please at least acknowledge their request. I'm a top/mid main.  I get first or second pick most of my games.  This is an extremely bad thing for me because I'm not sure who I want to play yet and would highly prefer to not get hard countered.  If your teammate asks you if anyone would like to trade, it is most likely a situation like mine.   Try to accommodate them or at least acknowledge that they said something.   Please don't stay silent.  It's the most frustrating thing ever when your teammates pretend you're not even there.  Even a "sorry I don't know who I want to play either" or "sorry, I don't have the champions you play" would be acceptable.But don't bitch at them if they get counterpicked and proceed to lose lane because you don't help them.	summonerschool	1501907469
If your teammate asks you if anyone wants to trade, please at least acknowledge their request. I'm a top/mid main. I get first or second pick most of my games. This is an extremely bad thing for me because I'm not sure who I want to play yet and would highly prefer to not get hard countered. If your teammate asks you if anyone would like to trade, it is most likely a situation like mine. Try to accommodate them or at least acknowledge that they said something. Please don't stay silent. It's the most frustrating thing ever when your teammates pretend you're not even there. Even a "sorry I don't know who I want to play either" or "sorry, I don't have the champions you play" would be acceptable.But don't bitch at them if they get counterpicked and proceed to lose lane because you don't help them.	leagueoflegends	1501908695
Cho'Gath knockup bug (posting because the bug megathread is no longer pinned)Is Cho'Gath Q knockup bugged for anyone else?  It's lasting way shorter than intended.  Like, as soon as they go up into the air they instantly drop down in less than half a second.  It happened to champions with and without Merc Treads (Tenacity doesn't affect knockups, I know).  I'd say reproduction rate is like at least 8/10.  This issue occurred with nearly every member of the enemy team and cost us a lot of kills.	leagueoflegends	1502038196
Cho'Gath knockup bug Is Cho'Gath Q knockup bugged for anyone else? It's lasting way shorter than intended. Like, as soon as they go up into the air they instantly drop down in less than half a second. It happened to champions with and without Merc Treads (Tenacity doesn't affect knockups, I know). I'd say reproduction rate is like at least 8/10. This issue occurred with nearly every member of the enemy team and cost us a lot of kills.	ChoGathMains	1502039361
Mastery page text filter issue I'm redoing some of my masteries and trying to name them as Support (Windspeaker), Support (Thunderlord), Support (Stone), etc. but it won't let me.  It censors out the word "support" and all I see is stars.  Anyone else getting this issue?  I never had problems with the profanity filter before.	leagueoflegends	1502179972
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1502253984
This maintenance Start time delayed by 1 hour, then "downtime is expected to last approximately 15 minutes" has become 1.5 hours and still ongoing.  Lol	WildStar	1502285163
No rewards for PvP due to draw Just had a Walatiki match that ended 4 to 1, and I didn't receive any rewards (essence or gold) for completing it.  People were intentionally delaying the match by guarding the masks/killing the mask carriers and letting them reset but never actually capturing them themselves.  This resulted in a stalemate that ultimately led to the match not technically completing, screwing 20 people out of their rewards. Literally wasted 30 mins of my time for nothing.  Why does this count as a draw?  Why is this even allowed?  Carbine can you please make rewards enabled for a draw and fix the match outcome bugs to prevent this type of griefing?	WildStar	1502332664
no text for post found	mildlyinfuriating	1502357383
Chroma IP sale? Didn't Riot say that some chromas are going to be on sale again for IP?  It has been a year since the last one.  When is that happening?  The new arcade chromas are out but I don't see any of the old ones available to buy with IP.	leagueoflegends	1502426900
no text for post found	engrish	1502432180
no text for post found	funny	1502432970
no text for post found	summonerschool	1502602626
no text for post found	summonerschool	1502602932
Reminder: coin gives more money than spellthiefs with less risk. So tired of Sonas and Sorakas and Namis still building spellthiefs then wondering why the enemy has Redemption and Locket and we dont.  I've had so many games where our support was like 2k gold behind the enemy by the end of the game just because of a single item.  You're single-handedly handicapping your team by not getting it.Edit: rough math in commentEdit 2: posted here for the lazy who don't want to scrollSome rough math:Nomad's Medallion:>UNIQUE  FAVOR: Enemy minions killed by your allies sometimes drop coins that give either Gold 40 or restore 10% missing mana (minimum 15). Cannon minions always drops coins.Frostfang:>UNIQUE  TRIBUTE: Damaging spells and attacks against champions and buildings deal 15 additional damage and grant Gold 15. This can occur up to 3 times every 30 seconds. Killing a minion pauses Tribute generation for 6 seconds per minion slain. Cannot trigger Tribute more than every 1.25 seconds.At maximum proc rate of Frostfang that's 45 gold per 30 seconds.  A single gold coin drop in a minion wave from Nomad's pretty much equals Frostfang's gold generation.If one of your Frostfang procs gets delayed (let's say due to minions or a bad trade), we can treat that as 5 procs in 60 seconds, which is equal to 75 gold per minute.  Nomad's in comparison is 80 gold per minute with only one gold coin per wave (which is pretty much worse case scenario).  A second gold coin every third wave would result in about 107 gold per minute.tl;dr If you miss any Frostfang procs or if more than one gold coin drops within any one minion wave (aka from cannon or assist), Nomad's wins.	summonerschool	1502603840
Why is it possible to be matched against the same premade multiple times in a row? This was in QP.  Me and my group of 2 other people (so basically solo queue) got matched against a 6 stack premade 4 games in a row.  And they had multiple high level plat and diamond players.  I'm a level 30 casual who started 2 months ago and doesn't plan on playing ranked, and our whole team was below level 100.  Not surprisingly, we got stomped in 5 minutes every single time.  It was not even close to fun.  Why is this even possible?  Blizzard pls fix your matchmaking algorithm.	Overwatch	1502728812
Question about minion wave management I don't usually watch full VoDs of pro games (just the highlights), but I was having a slow day at work today so I decided to watch the entirety of the SKT vs SSG playoff series to see if there is anything I can get from these games to improve my laning in solo queue.  I noticed that people sometimes walk all the way up to the enemy tower right outside aggro range, tank the minion wave for about 5 seconds, and then walk into the river area to drop aggro.  The enemy minions chase the pulling champion for a short time and then go back to the lane, while the friendly minions simply walk in a straight line.  This seems to result in the wave pulling slightly toward the enemy tower.  Why exactly do they do this, and in which situations would it be a good idea to do?	summonerschool	1502953924
Packet loss in raids Does anyone else experience insane packet loss only in raids?  And only in combat too.  When everyone is standing around my connection is totally fine, but the moment we enter combat my ping spikes to like 1000+ until I get disconnected.  I've tried to join a few raids on different days but the issue is always the same, with pretty much a 90% reproduction rate on any given pull.  Having 30 people in town or at a world boss doesn't even cause any problems, besides the occasional DC at a world boss (but everyone gets that and we know the cause already and I still get credit grand majority of the time so it's not a big deal).  Open world, expeditions, and dungeon instances are fine most of the time, besides occasional small lag which is a minor ISP issue, perfectly normal and dealable for the most part, and the rare major ping spike which can happen to anyone and is just kinda unavoidable.  My overall Internet (email, Reddit, FB/YouTube (when my VPN is on), League, Overwatch, etc.) has absolutely no issue.  It's extremely frustrating because this means I'm unable to do any kind of raid at all.  Anyone else also have this problem specifically with raids?	WildStar	1503030831
Why doesn't Darius ult have a kill indicator? There have been times that people got away with like sub 100 HP which denied me the reset on my ult.  There have also been times that I stayed for an extra hit that I didn't need to, which left me to die to a final tower shot after killing them.  There should be a kill indicator for Darius ult like the one for other targeted true damage/execution ults like Cho'Gath, Zed, and Garen on villain.  Would be a nice QoL buff.	leagueoflegends	1503033311
Question about GFW and foreign sites Due to the Great Firewall's hard throttling of all traffic to and from foreign sites regardless of type (browser, email, games, etc.), is it actually faster to use a VPN to access non-blocked foreign sites like Yahoo and Reddit and games with their servers located in the U.S. like LoL and Overwatch?  I originally thought that using a VPN would be slower than browsing without it due to the nature of VPNs, but after being frustrated with not being able to load some pages/log in to client and doing some pings and tracert commands, it seems like it might come pretty close.	China	1503225617
Most unbalanced maps? I wanna hear your opinions.  What are the most unbalanced maps?  Which sides is it easiest and hardest to win on?  My votes would be for Hanamura (defense favored) and Volskaya Industries (attack favored).	Overwatch	1503247737
no text for post found	firstworldproblems	1503367432
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1503626592
White Walker Yorick skin idea Had an idea for a new Yorick skin bc boredBased on the Night King from Game of Thrones, can be named Winterbone Yorick or something for copyright issues lulQ - Impales them with a spear, second activation raises wightsW - Same, creates a circular ice wallE - Same, shoots out some ghostly white stuff that makes wights chase themR - Summons a [dragon with blue eyes](#spoiler) that flies down the lane and summons little wights around it	leagueoflegends	1503665337
no text for post found	AskReddit	1503909777
no text for post found	AskReddit	1503910452
Bramble Vest vs shield interaction Bramble Vest:&gt;UNIQUE  THORNS: Upon being hit by a basic attack, reflects 20 magic damage, inflicting Grievous Wounds on the attacker for 1 second.Thornmail:&gt;UNIQUE  THORNS: Upon being hit by a basic attack, reflects magic damage equal to 25 (+ 10% bonus armor), while also inflicting Grievous Wounds on the attacker for 1 second.However, I have been informed that Bramble Vest doesn't apply the grievous wounds debuff on an attacker with an active shield (Janna E, Karma E, etc.).  This has to be be a bug, right?  Damage on shields is technically still damage, so shouldn't the target still get the debuff?  I feel like this is an unintended interaction that makes shielding supports way too strong since they can let AD carries or bruisers freely attack tanks and completely negate the intended purpose of Bramble Vest and Thornmail.	leagueoflegends	1503991651
Having trouble with Stormraider's So I play Nasus from time to time, and as I climb more I find that it's getting harder and harder to proc Stormraider's because the enemy carries are playing smarter and not getting mispositioned to let me Q them as much.  There have been a few games where I didn't get the Stormraider's buff a single time the entire game because I fell behind and then can't do enough damage all game because I can't build full AD.  When I tried running in to hit their carries I just get focused and die because my team abandons me, so I've made it a rule to never be primary initiator.  I can do 1v1s and PvEs perfectly fine though.  Therefore, most of the time I'm relegated to sitting back and hitting tanks until we get a pick, which basically means I have no keystone.So how do you know if you can do enough damage to proc it?  Is there a chart showing how many Q stacks you need to proc Stormraider's at a given point in the game?  It seems so inconsistent for some reason.I've also been thinking of building more damage in addition to TF such as DD, BC, TitHydra, or YGB to help me proc it more reliably, do you think this can work?  If not, can I just go Grasp for more reliability?	nasusmains	1503993535
there needs to be a note in the shop menu saying not to rush ornn's upgrades because, you know, people don't readplease put a note right above ornn's upgrades in the shop menu next to the "ornn's masterwork crafts" label or whatever, saying "don't rush these" or "for late game" or somethingpeople are still doing it and it's pissing the hell out of me	leagueoflegends	1504009663
no text for post found	Showerthoughts	1504069438
You know the game is alive and doing well when... ...there are gold selling spammers on Nexus chat.	WildStar	1504165323
no text for post found	Showerthoughts	1504237124
(spoiler) Ezreal picked in LPL finals RNG Uzi picked EDG in game 1!Edit: Uzi Ezreal + Ming Alistar vs iBoy Tristana + Meiko BraumEdit 2: holy shit ezreal actually wonEdit 3: holy shit uzi got top dps as ezreal LULEdit 4: rip they lost game 3 ezreal didn't work this time	leagueoflegends	1504251567
Suggestion: change the "I need healing" chat command to "I need assistance" or similar if you're playing a healer I've been looking for a way to say "I need help" or something like that as a chat command for a while now, but I can't figure out how to do so.  When I play Mercy I'd like to be able to use the "I could use some assistance" line to let my teammates know that I'm getting attacked, and the command for "I need healing" doesn't mean anything if I'm the healer.	Overwatch	1504414739
Which role has the least "mains"? Aka if I don't main any role what should I pick to have the smallest chance of getting shit on?I'm kind of a flex player and I'm finding that I'm constantly getting matched against near one tricks in top and mid which is extremely frustrating to lane against.  The people in mid silver actually have decent mechanics when they're playing their main champions so I end up not winning lane very often.	summonerschool	1504449246
no text for post found	CrappyDesign	1504582575
Question about PvP queue penalties Asking here since nobody on Nexus seems to know and I didn't find anything on forums, Reddit, or Google...After you disconnect from a battleground, how long does it take for the PvP queue penalty to go away?  I'm not talking about waiting out the 3 min/7 min/15 min thing.  I also know that the penalty is gone if you successfully wait it out and complete a match.  My question is how much time needs to pass naturally (not in a bg) for the 3 min/7 min/15 min penalty to be wiped and become 0 penalty.  The queue bugged out on me 3 times for some strange reason, so I got a 15 minute queue penalty, and relogging and resetting Internet didn't wipe the penalty (which makes sense I guess).  For example, if a player is on a 3 minute PvP queue penalty and then quits for a year, when he/she comes back a year later and queues for a bg, does he/she still have that 3 minute penalty?  If not, when within that year did that penalty go away?	WildStar	1504588090
Getting a US number in China So I'm in China for a temporary internship right now but still want to apply for full-time jobs during my time here before I go back to the U.S.  My phone (iPhone 6S) is currently using a Chinese SIM card and I need the Chinese number for contact with people here, so I can't use my American SIM card.  Is there any way I can get a number that recruiters from the U.S. can call my phone without getting international calling fees or changing my SIM card to the American one?  I know that Skype phone call and Google Voice are options.  Anyone whether these have full functionality overseas, knowing that I'm on a foreign network provider?  Does it work over a VPN?Edit: Apparently some people don't know how to use the downvote button properly so I rephrased some things .___.	China	1504593666
Why can't you simply upload files onto GitHub? I'm extremely confused about GitHub.  To my understanding, origin and master simply represent your computer and the server.  I don't understand the point of the add, commit, push, etc.  And running into SSH errors and permission denied publickey issues (for some reason that makes no sense, I am the administrator of my computer and the owner of the GH account) makes matters even worse.  Why can't we just simply upload files onto GitHub like any normal image/file sharing website instead of going through this unnecessarily complicated process that has so many things that can go wrong?	NoStupidQuestions	1504687429
Is it worse to have no tank or no healer? (quick questions thread unpinned for some strange reason)People usually instalock DPS or sniper in my games (QP lul) so in about half of my games we have no tank or no healer and I am the last one to pick.  I obviously can only play one of those roles.  I personally enjoy tanks more so almost all the time I opt to go no healer on our team.  In general, leaving personal preference and game mode aside, is it worse to have no tank or no healer?	Overwatch	1505025614
When does Lux E one shot caster minions? Title, does anyone know at what point does lux E one shot caster minions?  Is it possible to do so without Ludens?Because if the answer to the above question is yes, I might go Liandry over Luden second item (since the [LolKing post](http://www.lolking.net/news/mid-game-itemization-liandrys-vs-ludens) says Liandry does more damage).  Lux has synergy with it due to 2 of her skills applying CC, and she doesn't need Luden to proc Thunderlord because of her passive.	lux	1505097274
There should be a way to set Tear stacks in practice tool I want to do some tests like Archangel vs Morello on various mages (e.g. Lux, Ziggs, Syndra, etc.) just for fun and it's annoying having to fast forward/spam skills to get the stacks...and then be unable to undo the stacks later in case I want to go back to a lower number :|And while we're at it might as well have the ability to set RoA and Mejai stacks too lol	leagueoflegends	1505100131
Why is my Internet faster during the day than at night? For some reason, my Internet is pretty slow when I use it at night; my ping in games is unusually high.  Yet at around 9am, my ping is slightly lower than at night.  This is not something that only happens once or twice; there are some exceptions, but on average over a long period of time, my ping is higher at night than it is in the morning.  This is unfortunate because my ping is way too high to do a lot of stuff I want (like raid in WoW without DCing, have stable enough Internet to play ranked League, etc.) when I come home from work, and the only time I have low ping is right when I have to go to work.  I'm from NA (so I play on NA servers) but am temporarily living overseas.  Does this happen to anyone else?  Is there a particular reason this happens, or is my ISP doing some funny business?	NoStupidQuestions	1505119488
EDM music festivals/raves in Shanghai Is this a thing?  Are there any EDM music festivals or raves in Shanghai?  I've been to several small one-night events like Zedd, Jack U, Martin Garrix, etc. and follow EDC and Ultra in the U.S. (too poor for those though rip) and I was wondering if Shanghai has these types of things as well.  (Edit: Preferably under 500 RMB if possible, it doesn't need to be a giant thing like EDC/Ultra/Coachella/OSL.)	shanghai	1505187311
Which decent graduate programs don't require letters of recommendation? I'm from California and graduated from a UC in applied mathematics.  I'm currently in the middle of an internship until December, and I may not be able to get more than 1 letter of recommendation until winter because my grades in my classes weren't amazing.  However, I'm currently applying to graduate schools since I would prefer to get into a spring 2018 program, although a fall 2018 program is fine too.  I'm looking to apply to master's programs for something along the lines of applied mathematics, analytics, computer science, and data science.  Anyone know what decent graduate programs in these fields at schools in the U.S. don't have mandatory letters of recommendation (or only require 1)?  I'm trying my best to get another one or two, but I would like to have a backup plan in case I can't get those extra ones.  I've already applied to USC, so schools along that caliber would be nice.Edit: Jesus Christ why am I getting downvoted?  I'm just asking a simple question, I don't need your snarky comments.  I can get letters of rec after my internship is over (or at least near the end), I just want to know what I can do *right now*.  If you don't have something helpful to say don't say anything at all.	gradadmissions	1505206366
no text for post found	news	1505364896
no text for post found	politics	1505365511
no text for post found	news	1505375473
Please stop rushing Deathcap I see so many people getting this item way too early.  Usually 2nd, but I've seen a couple 1st and 3rds as well.  This happens in every single mode (normal, ranked, ARAM, even bonus game modes).  And this tilts me beyond belief because they're both squishy and do no damage, and I'm tired of losing games because people can't do basic math.&amp;nbsp;Let's look at the math here:Rabadon's Deathcap+120 ability powerUNIQUE Passive: +35% ability power120 ability power + 42 (from passive) = 3523.5 goldTotal Gold Value = 3523.5 goldPassive Gold Value: 35 ability power (for every 100 AP) = 761.25 gold&amp;nbsp;This item is only 92.72% gold efficient by itself.  It needs 36 AP from other sources to be 100% gold efficient.  In comparison, Luden's is 80.31%t, Liandry's is 100%, Zhonya's is 92.73%, BV is 95.64%, and Void is 65.66%, BUT these items all have extremely good passives that increase their gold value.Yes, Deathcap is not gold efficient even with its passive considered.  Luden's has damage on spell hit, Liandry's has mpen and burn, Zhonya's has invulnerability active, BV has spell shield, and Void has a shit ton of mpen.  If you consider everything, the passives and other stats have way more value than the extra AP from Deathcap early in the game.  I left out Morello in that list (112.7% without passive) on purpose because it should be first anyway.  Deathcap only has a place as a 4th or 5th item, not any time sooner.  Maybe in Veigar's case, but even then I see most successful Veigars get it 3rd at the earliest.  Remember, AP is not everything; you do no damage if they have a lot of MR or you die.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr: stop rushing deathcap it's a shit buy until later in the game because the passives on all other ap items are better and more efficient so if you only want ap and ignore everything else then you're bad	leagueoflegends	1505406024
Please stop rushing Deathcap I see so many people getting this item way too early.  Usually 2nd, but I've seen a couple 1st and 3rds as well.  This happens in every single mode (normal, ranked, ARAM, even bonus game modes).  And this tilts me beyond belief because they're both squishy and do no damage, and I'm tired of losing games because people can't do basic math.&amp;nbsp;Let's look at the math here:Rabadon's Deathcap+120 ability powerUNIQUE Passive: +35% ability power120 ability power + 42 (from passive) = 3523.5 goldTotal Gold Value = 3523.5 goldPassive Gold Value: 35 ability power (for every 100 AP) = 761.25 gold&amp;nbsp;This item is only 92.72% gold efficient by itself.  It needs 36 AP from other sources to be 100% gold efficient.  In comparison, Luden's is 80.31%t, Liandry's is 100%, Zhonya's is 92.73%, BV is 95.64%, and Void is 65.66%, BUT these items all have extremely good passives that increase their gold value.Yes, Deathcap is not gold efficient even with its passive considered.  Luden's has damage on spell hit, Liandry's has mpen and burn, Zhonya's has invulnerability active, BV has spell shield, and Void has a shit ton of mpen.  If you consider everything, the passives and other stats have way more value than the extra AP from Deathcap early in the game.  I left out Morello in that list (112.7% without passive) on purpose because it should be first anyway.  Deathcap only has a place as a 4th or 5th item, not any time sooner.  Maybe in Veigar's case, but even then I see most successful Veigars get it 3rd at the earliest.  Remember, AP is not everything; you do no damage if they have a lot of MR or you die.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr: stop rushing deathcap it's a shit buy until later in the game because the passives on all other ap items are better and more efficient so if you only want ap and ignore everything else then you're bad	summonerschool	1505406818
How to turn any champion into a support https://imgur.com/MYE5vxd&amp;nbsp;Explanation of how it works: Use any ability then auto -&gt; Iceborn slows them -&gt; slow procs Stoneborn Pact mastery -&gt; ally hits marked enemy -&gt; Stoneborn heals ally-&gt; heal procs Censer -&gt; ??? -&gt; profit xdIgnore the Tear and Pickaxe, but you can probably guess what champion I was playing based on the build alone&amp;nbsp;Disclaimer: Do not use in ranked unless you know what you are doing, I am not responsible for any LP you may lose going this meme build xd&amp;nbsp;Edit:You can replace IBG with Rylai if you're playing a caster with good AoE spells but really clunky autoattacks or somethingIf you have a champion with low cooldown slows (like Ashe/Trundle), you don't need the IBG, but we all knew that already lol	leagueoflegends	1505413771
Is it a good strategy to look at where your friends in a similar field get hired and apply to the same companies? Applying to tech jobs right now and it's kinda overwhelming trying to sift through all the companies and see which ones are actually good to work at and which ones are more sketchy.  I already look every single one up on Glassdoor but I feel like those reviews aren't always accurate or don't always tell everything.	cscareerquestions	1505447360
Yasuo's Q doesn't apply talisman healing Hunter's TalismanUNIQUE  TOOTH: Damaging a monster applies HEALTH DRAIN, which deals 25 magic damage over 5 seconds while restoring as much as health.Title.  Yasuo's Q doesn't apply the health drain from Hunter's Talisman; it only applies to the first target hit.  Is this a bug?  I thought Talisman applied to all units hit by your skills because it just says "damaging a monster"?And before you ask, no I did not intentionally play Yasuo jungle, I was forced to play it since Azir stole my role after I locked in.	leagueoflegends	1505751746
Can't right click currently playing song or add to playlist Title.  I have several playlist that divide my music based on genre, category, etc.  For some reason I can't right click the currently playing song in Play Queue or add that song to any of my playlists.  I have to manually look it up in browse or a playlist it is already in.For example, I have a playlist called "Full Library" and a playlist called "Mainstream."  I'm playing "Full Library" on shuffle and a Chainsmokers song comes on.  I realize it is not in "Mainstream" and want to move it into that playlist.  I can't drag the Chainsmokers song into "Mainstream" or right click the song to bring up the menu.  I have to go to "Full Library" and search up the song, and only then can I add the song to "Mainstream."Anyone else getting this bug?  I remember being able to do it before, and I have no idea why I can't do it now.	spotify	1505786096
If we didn't see the old Your Shop deals before reset can we still get them So if we didn't see what we pulled before they reset it (wasn't able to log in between release and reset), are we able to submit a support ticket to see the old deals and still get them if we like any of them? I feel like this is unfair for the people who weren't able to see the deals as everyone else basically got 2 sets of deals.	leagueoflegends	1505835504
Is there any particular reason why Discord doesn't give us the option to mute role pings? I know that there have been countless posts about this already.  But like, have we gotten an official response from Discord devs or something saying exactly why they don't let us mute role pings?  It's come to the point that I have to unassign my role (like NA, Mid, Tank, Support, etc.) for all of the servers I am in because some people ping an entire role for a simple question or stupid reasons.  I would just like to know if there is an official response or post anywhere regarding this issue.	discordapp	1505960495
Did the iOS 11.0 update break contact syncing again? Title...can't sync my contacts from email...why does this happen every single software update -___-	techsupport	1505964497
Question for laning and back timing If you and your jungler kill the other guy but you need like 1-2 more waves for an item (like BF or Chapter), do you stay and let the other guy come back and risk losing a bit of cs to your tower as you back for your item?  Or do you bounce the wave, back right away, and not lose any cs but just buy a Doran's or something instead of your first main component?	summonerschool	1505967228
Question for laning and back timing If you and your jungler kill the other guy but you need like 1-2 more waves for an item (like BF or Chapter), do you stay and let the other guy come back and risk losing a bit of cs to your tower as you back for your item? Or do you bounce the wave, back right away, and not lose any cs but just buy a Doran's or something instead of your first main component?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1506047720
Is there any way to only hide muted channels in a channel group? Title...I don't want to have to collapse the entire group of 10 text channels when I only frequent 3 of them.	discordapp	1506080367
Is there any way to only hide muted channels in a channel group? Title...I don't want to have to collapse the entire group of 10 text channels when I only really check 3 of them.	discordapp	1506158379
no text for post found	mildlyconfusing	1506169344
no text for post found	IncelTears	1506169454
Wi-Fi disconnects when I connect to VPN on phone Title, recently when I turn on ExpressVPN on my iPhone, my Wi-Fi turns off for some reason.  Like it goes from the Wi-Fi symbol to the 4G and VPN symbols.  This happens on both my home and workplace networks.  Anyone know what's going on here?  Why am I being kicked off the network?  How can I turn the VPN on while staying connected to Wi-Fi?	techsupport	1506185120
no text for post found	VPN	1506186257
no text for post found	dontdeadopeninside	1506514135
ARAM deaths timers with new rune system Is there any plan to reduce death timers in ARAM?  I have a couple special rune pages for ARAM, and the loss of -% time dead runes in the new system is really big for me and probably some other dedicated ARAM players.	leagueoflegends	1506612231
How long does a visa overstay stay on your record? Title.  I accidentally overstayed my 10 year 60-day visa by 2 days because I didnt realize that it started counting on the day I first landed and that July and August had 31 days.  Luckily I only got off with only a fine and an official warning to not overstay again.  How bad is this for the future?  How long does this offense stay on my record?  Can I wipe it off my record by getting a new passport or visa?  And will I be questioned each subsequent time I apply for a new visa or enter or exit China?	China	1506755511
no text for post found	mildlyinfuriating	1506922103
Why are mastery points so dependent on the outcome of the game? 100ish points for a loss and 700-1000 points for a win is kind of a large discrepancy don't you think?  I got a B in a losing game and played pretty well overall but only got 135 for it.  I think they should be closer together so that the points you get for a game are more based on your grade than the outcome of the game.	leagueoflegends	1507085541
Cant donate to Facebook fundraiser I'm trying to donate to my friend's birthday fundraiser, but I can't click on the "Donate" button for some reason.  When I click directly on the invitation, I get a menu that says:&amp;nbsp;This content is no longer availableThe content you requested cannot be displayed right now. It may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you may not have permission to view this page.&amp;nbsp;This error occurs on both Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge.  I've already cleared my cache.  She says that she hasn't taken down the fundraiser link.  Anyone know what's going on here?	techsupport	1507089204
Nautilus top picked in C9 vs SKT C9 Impact picked Nautilus vs SKT Huni's Maokai!	leagueoflegends	1507202584
It's infuriating when people refuse to get the most broken item in the game What is with people who simply refuse to buy an Ardent Censer on an enchanter when there is an autoattacker on their team?  I don't get it.  It infuriates me to no end.  I've played so many games and so many ARAMs and an overwhelming amount of people not only don't rush the item, but don't get it at all.  I ask them to get it and they often don't respond.  It is unquestioningly the strongest item in the entire game right now.  People literally draft team comps and game strategies around this single item.  I don't think any other item has single-handedly defined the meta like Ardent Censer; the only item that I remember has had this much effect on the meta by itself is preseason 3 Black Cleaver.In my past couple games, both SR and ARAM, I've seen Rakans go Redemption then Zekes (??) then Locket.  I've seen Sonas go Lich Bane then Athene then Ludens (????).  You are literally single-handedly handicapping your team, even making your team lose, by not getting this item.  If we lose a teamfight solely because their ADC was Censer buffed but ours was not, it is entirely your fault.  Can anyone enlighten me on why the hell people do this?tl;dr if you're playing an enchanter in any game mode, even ARAM, and there is an autoattacker on your team, please for the love of god build an ardent censer	leagueoflegends	1507467807
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1507468562
Visibility of the new runes So I have 1 major issue about the new runes and I'd like as many opinions as possible.  With the new rune system, will each champion's runes be public information?  Like will you be able to see the runes that your teammates and opponents are taking?  This is important because certain non-keystone runes, like Nullifier Orb, Hextech Flashtraption, Ghost Poro, and Celestial Body, require you to play or think slightly differently from normal if your opponent is taking them, as opposed to if they do not have said rune.  I personally would highly prefer if you were able to see what runes your teammates and opponents have, at least the ones that have a noticeable effect on gameplay.  What's the community's and Riot's stance on this?	leagueoflegends	1507625818
Visibility of the new runes So I have 1 major issue about the new runes and I'd like as many opinions as possible.  With the new rune system, will each champion's runes be public information?  Like will you be able to see the runes that your teammates and opponents are taking?  This is important because certain non-keystone runes, like Nullifier Orb, Hextech Flashtraption, Ghost Poro, and Celestial Body, require you to play or think slightly differently from normal if your opponent is taking them, as opposed to if they do not have said rune.  I personally would highly prefer if you were able to see what runes your teammates and opponents have, at least the ones that have a noticeable effect on gameplay.  What's the community's and Riot's stance on this?	summonerschool	1507626620
Blizzard login down? Is the Blizzard app login (PC) down for anyone else?  I wasn't able to log in last night for some reason and now in the morning it's still not working for me.  The "more info" link doesn't work for me either.	Overwatch	1507771522
Soaz and Fnatic in group stages Soaz got more kills in the second game vs GAM than in all of his other group stage games combined.	leagueoflegends	1507798498
Malzahar picked in Group B tiebreaker FNC Caps picks Malzahar vs IMT Pobelter's Ryze!The winner of this game will face GAM for the second seed spot of Group B.	leagueoflegends	1507803991
Never before seen situation in the group stages at Worlds Fnatic has gotten out of groups and made quarterfinals after defeating IMT and GAM in tiebreaker matches.  They are the first team to do so after going 0-3 in the first week.Edited because spoiler oops	leagueoflegends	1507809992
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1507863371
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1507882571
Battle.net blocked in China? Is battle.net blocked in China? As of last Tuesday I can't log in or visit the website. I know that China has its own server but I want to play Overwatch on my account on NA because I don't want to buy the game again or start from scratch. I can't really play on my VPN because it lags way too much and I keep getting kicked from games.	Blizzard	1507970716
Battle.net blocked in China? Is battle.net blocked in China? As of last Tuesday I can't log in or visit the website. I know that China has its own server but I want to play Overwatch on my account on NA because I don't want to buy the game again or start from scratch. I can't really play on my VPN because it lags way too much and I keep getting kicked from games.	Overwatch	1508043820
Should I lane swap as ADC if I'm getting camped? Reposting this from Discord since I think it's large enough to warrant a discussion thread.If I just constantly get 2v4ed bot lane and camped over and over again, should I just lane swap to top or mid?  This has happened 3 games in a row now and is seriously starting to get frustrating.  It's one of the most tilting things ever when you literally cannot play League of Legends and your team refuses to help you.Like ultimately, I just need a lane to PvE for 10 mins so I can catch up and nobody is letting me because they either gank me the instant I show up in lane, regardless of wards, or my teammates push the lane in.  I was thinking of lane swapping to top or mid so I can freeze easier in a solo lane and hopefully attract less attention from the enemy team.  Thoughts on this idea?  What are you supposed to do when you're in literally a 2v3 or 2v4 lane?Edit: If it matters, I was playing Vayne, MF, and Ashe in the 3 games, champions that don't clear waves very fast.  I do notice that this problem happens a lot less when I play Trist or Xayah, though I'm not quite sure why.  I'm a top/mid main playing in normals.  I don't have an op.gg to show because this is on my smurf on CN server (well I do, my NA account is silver 3 but has all ARAMs lul).	summonerschool	1508347588
Can adaptive AD/AP be changed to give stats based on damage type instead of build? Currently, some of the new runes give adaptive AD or AP.  I found that this is solely based on your build and nothing else.  For example, if you have more bonus AD than AP from items, you get AD as your adaptive stat.  Likewise, if you have more bonus AP than AD from items, you get AP as your adaptive stat.  Usually, the ending builds of full tank champions like Maokai, Nautilus, Gragas, Poppy, Braum, Leona, etc. leave them with 0 bonus AD and 0 AP from items.  I asked around and apparently if you have 0 of both, it defaults to AD.This is really bad for AP caster tanks like Maokai, Nautilus, and Gragas because they highly prefer the AP from their runes due to scaling on their skills, but it's not usually optimal to fit an AP item like Zhonya, BV, or Liandry into their build.  I am aware Doran's Ring is a thing, but it's always sold late game and you might want to sell it mid game for a ward slot.  Other champions that get screwed by this are champions like Jhin, GP, and sometimes Corki/MF, which start Doran's Ring for mana regen but prefer to have AD runes to last hit and win early trades.My suggestion is to change the adaptive "detector" to give AD or AP based on the type of damage you do.  Kind of like a reverse Camille passive.  If you have more physical damage dealt over the course of the game, you get AD.  If you have more magic damage dealt over the course of the game, you get AP.  If you have more true damage dealt over the course of the game, well...stop hacking.  Or stop doing nothing but KSing with Darius ult lul.What do you think?Edit: It has just come to my attention that Corki and Warwick build AD but do more magic damage than physical, and AP Trynd builds AP by does more physical damage than magic.  In this case, have it only decide based on damage type of you have equal amounts of AD and AP from items.	leagueoflegends	1508462906
No matter the results of the quarterfinals, the western teams did amazing this year. Misfits and Cloud 9 took SKT and WE to 5 games.  They were \*this\* close to unseating the best team in the world from their throne or beating the team rated as the best in China, arguably the 2nd best region in the world.  Fnatic got 3-1ed by RNG but still played their hearts out and took a game off the multiple-time worlds runner-ups.  In previous years, the western teams have made quarters and semis before but got handily stomped the moment they encountered a Korean team.  But this year, they actually put up a fight, they didn't just roll over and die and get 3-0ed.  Despite the results of this year's quarterfinals, I think we can confidently say, taking the level of their opponents and the overall competition into account, that this is the best the West has ever performed at worlds.	leagueoflegends	1508676837
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1508818014
no text for post found	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1508818595
User Account Control notification has no text For some reason my User Account Control is bugged.  There is no text on any of the windows.  All of my UAC notifications look like [this](https://gyazo.com/8479487604ab1eb7cdc5ea2a0d22a426).  Does anyone know what's going on or how to fix this?	techsupport	1508934624
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1508991746
AP bruiser Nautilus With all the talk about Galio getting lower bases and higher ratios, hence being changed to be an AP bruiser...Why don't people build AP on Nautilus?His ratios are pretty good, slightly lower than Galio's but much higher than Maokai's, Malphite's, and Ornn's.  Maybe not go as AP heavy on him but a RoA and/or Liandry shouldn't be too bad right?I went RoA Liandry Naut and Rageblade Naut sometimes but that was back when he was OP and had lower mana costs/more damage on E and R, and it was against kinda bad people so I'm not sure if its actually viable or just me stomping noobs lol.	NautilusMains	1509069484
Classic Star Wars Battlefront 2 not opening Is classic SWBF2 (2005) on Steam for Windows 10 not working for anyone else?  I try to open it and my cursor just jumps to the middle of the screen after a short delay but it doesn't launch.If it makes a difference, I manually forced my Steam to install in C: instead of in C:\Program Files (x86) because Steam is known to have admin permission errors if you install it there.	StarWarsBattlefront	1509104303
Why can't I play Orianna? Can anyone give me a detailed rundown of how to play her? So apparently people say that Orianna has a high skill cap but a low skill floor, and she is new player friendly.  However, I just can't see it no matter how hard I try.  Am I the only person that finds her extremely difficult to play?  All of her spells have dynamic cast time due to the ball's travel time.  It's not like a normal skill like Syndra Q or Lux E where you just toss it out and it hits the enemy at the same time every time.  When I play her, her Q traveling in lane is extremely clunky and misses the enemy very often, my W sometimes randomly fails to activate while trying to combo with Q in transit, and my ult sometimes randomly snaps back to me which causes it to sombrero and it's very frustrating.I have not had this problem with nearly any other mid laner.  I picked up champions like Syndra, Xerath, Zyra, Ziggs, and Kassadin with absolutely no problem at all.  I can even play champions like Viktor and Azir at a pretty good level for my elo (mid silver-low gold) and attain decent CS + KDA, and people say that they are very difficult to play.  My best performing mid laners are Syndra, Veigar, Lux, and Viktor, and there are a couple others that I can pl.  What exactly makes Orianna easy to pick up?  Why is Orianna, a supposedly low skill floor champion, the only mage that's almost impossible for me?Does anyone have a **detailed** guide saved somewhere, or can anyone give me a **detailed** rundown containing what to do during early, mid, and late game and matchup advice vs low, medium, and long range champions?  I don't want a quick 2 minute rundown with runes/masteries/builds; I already know those, as well as both core items and situational items, quite well.  I just want to know what exactly makes this champ so easy and what to do when playing her, because I tried her out like 5 times and literally have never had a good game on her.	summonerschool	1509436355
Why can't I play Orianna? Can anyone give me a detailed rundown of how to play her? So apparently people say that Orianna has a high skill cap but a low skill floor, and she is new player friendly.  However, I just can't see it no matter how hard I try.  Am I the only person that finds her extremely difficult to play?  All of her spells have dynamic cast time due to the ball's travel time.  It's not like a normal skill like Syndra Q or Lux E where you just toss it out and it hits the enemy at the same time every time.  When I play her, her Q traveling in lane is extremely clunky and misses the enemy very often, my W sometimes randomly fails to activate while trying to combo with Q in transit, and my ult sometimes randomly snaps back to me which causes it to sombrero and it's very frustrating.I have not had this problem with nearly any other mid laner.  I picked up champions like Syndra, Xerath, Zyra, Ziggs, and Kassadin with absolutely no problem at all.  I can even play champions like Viktor and Azir at a pretty good level for my elo (mid silver-low gold) and attain decent CS + KDA, and people say that they are very difficult to play.  My best performing mid laners are Syndra, Veigar, Lux, and Viktor, and there are a couple others that I can pl.  What exactly makes Orianna easy to pick up?  Why is Orianna, a supposedly low skill floor champion, the only mage that's almost impossible for me?Does anyone have a **detailed** guide saved somewhere, or can anyone give me a **detailed** rundown containing what to do during early, mid, and late game and matchup advice vs low, medium, and long range champions?  The pinned post on the side only has basic stuff like items and setups.  I don't want a quick 2 minute rundown with runes/masteries/builds; I already know those, as well as both core items and situational items, quite well.  I just want to know what exactly makes this champ so easy and what to do when playing her, because I tried her out like 5 times and literally have never had a good game on her.	OriannaMains	1509436971
no text for post found	summonerschool	1509693422
Has anyone tested adaptive AD/AP recently? I posted [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/78dcn3/can_adaptive_adap_be_changed_to_give_stats_based/) about 2 weeks ago and it didn't get as much traffic as I would have liked.  This was surprising to me because I thought this would be a much bigger issue, but nobody seems to care at all.Has anyone tested how adaptive AD and AP work on the PBE recently?  Before it would go off your build alone and default to AD if you don't have either, which screws over a lot of champions like Jhin, GP, Kennen, sometimes Corki, etc. who want one stat but build the other one early (aka Jhin/GP start Ring, AP Kennen starts Blade, Corki does magic damage while building AD), and all AP junglers, especially those that rely on their skills to clear, would have their clears entirely gutted since they'd have AD instead of AP before they finish their jungle item (Fiddle, Amumu, Nidalee).  Is it still the same as before or did they change it to working based on the type of damage you deal if you have equal amounts of AD and AP from items?	leagueoflegends	1509930689
Please stop it with this "rune page for every champion" thing. I've seen a ton of posts saying "here's a rune page for every champion that you should go" or "ask me for help about your rune pages."  Please stop doing this shit.  Most of the time these pages don't take multiple situations into account.  Most champions have 1 or 2 viable keystones, and the secondary tree depends on your playstyle most of the time so there is no single "correct" one (besides like 1 or 2 runes that are just plain bad, because of kit interaction and/or math).  And sometimes the pages they make are just plain bad.  Half the time the person making the page has never played that champion before and is just talking out of their ass.  You're just spreading misinformation and triggering mains of that champion who have infinitely more experience than you do.If you need help making a rune page, you should be asking people who actually play that champion (usually found in their specific mains subreddit or Discord server, or just in a post/megathread here), searching already discussed topics in said places, and overall having a logical discussion about what runes are best for each situation/playstyle for the champion, not blindly following one person's advice and using it for everything.  Don't try to pretend that you know every champion at a challenger level; it's not helpful for people who actually want to learn.	leagueoflegends	1510197805
no text for post found	summonerschool	1510198405
There is no one best rune page for every champion Among all the talk about what runes each champion should be running, I don't believe there is one "best" page for any champion.  The Runes Reforged system is designed so that you can customize runes to your own liking instead of following cookie-cutter builds.  Each person has a different way of playing their champion.  Sure, some runes are better than others, but overall you can tailor the runes, especially the secondary tree, to your liking, and most of them (to a certain extent) should be fine.  For example, mages that used TLD before can use Electrocute, Aery, or Comet depending on kit and playstyle.  For most mages, you can swap between Scorch and Gathering Storm, depending on if you prefer to win early or play for late game.  Ultimate Hat vs Manaflow Band, Overgrowth vs Second Wind, etc. is almost entirely personal preference.  Some bursty champions that take Domination primary can go any of the other trees as secondary, and they would all be at least somewhat viable.  I don't want to be flamed for not taking the same setup that the pros do.  If I want to take Sorcery on pretty much all of my pages because I really like the double CDR and it fits my playstyle better, I should be free to do so.	leagueoflegends	1510296250
There is no one best rune page for every champion Among all the talk about what runes each champion should be running, I don't believe there is one "best" page for any champion.  The Runes Reforged system is designed so that you can customize runes to your own liking instead of following cookie-cutter builds.  Each person has a different way of playing their champion.  Sure, some runes are better than others, but overall you can tailor the runes, especially the secondary tree, to your liking, and most of them (to a certain extent) should be fine.  For example, mages that used TLD before can use Electrocute, Aery, or Comet depending on kit and playstyle.  For most mages, you can swap between Scorch and Gathering Storm, depending on if you prefer to win early or play for late game.  Ultimate Hat vs Manaflow Band, Overgrowth vs Second Wind, etc. is almost entirely personal preference.  Some bursty champions that take Domination primary can go any of the other trees as secondary, and they would all be at least somewhat viable.  I don't want to be flamed for not taking the same setup that the pros do.  If I want to take Sorcery on pretty much all of my pages because I really like the double CDR and it fits my playstyle better, I should be free to do so.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1510297741
My issues with Manaflow Band I got Anivia in ARAM today so I decided to try out this rune, since I was previously always against it in favor of Ultimate Hat.  I quickly found that there are several things that are incredibly frustrating about it.1. It's not clear enough to show you that you have the proc up.  There is no indicator on your buff bar.2. There is no timer to tell you when it is ready again.  Again, no indicator.3. The cooldown is too long.  60 seconds is only every other minion wave.  If I all in and run OOM, I have to wait a full minute in order to restore mana again.  It's incredibly inconsistent.  I would consider taking it if the value was lowered and the cooldown was lowered to 30 seconds or something like that.4. WHY do I lose the proc when I cast a spell on full mana?  It's supposed to restore a % of my missing mana...but I have no missing mana.  Is this a bug or intended?  This is the biggest issue for me and completely counterintuitive IMO.Main request: Can Manaflow Band be changed so that you don't consume the proc when you're over 90% mana or something like that?  Maokai doesn't lose his passive when he's full or high HP, why do I lose the Manaflow Band proc?Side suggestion: Reduce the mana restore amount and lower the cooldown to anywhere between 20 and 40 seconds for more consistency.	leagueoflegends	1510396390
Chinese server still not getting 7.22? Anybody here that plays on China servers?  It's been nearly a week and 7.22 hasn't come yet (they're still on 7.21 with old runes and masteries system), so I have to play on my NA account with 300 ping to play with the new runes.  This has happened with every patch that I can remember but it has been at most 1 or 2 days late, not this long.  Does anyone have any info about this?	leagueoflegends	1510457681
Leveled up 3 times, got nothing but a single champion shard each time. A Tristana champion shard, a Sivir champion shard, and an Orianna champion shard.  And I'm level 33.Is this a joke?	leagueoflegends	1510498677
no text for post found	StarWarsBattlefront	1510542941
TF stacking on Jax with Transcendence The Transcendence rune gives 1.2 AD per point of CDR over the cap.  I've been thinking about going a double Trinity Force build.  This would give Jax 50 AD, 48 more AD from Transcendence (40% CDR), 80% AS, 500 HP, 40% CDR, and 10% MS (nothing is unique besides the passives).  TF is 97% cost efficient without either of its passives.  A 3rd TF would maybe be viable but I think TitHydra is probably better at that point for waveclear.  I feel like this could be really busted because the best way to abuse Transcendence is to buy items that give both damage and survivability/tankiness.  Jax scales really well with attack speed too, but there is no other item that gives both AS and survivability, besides Wit's which is kinda meh.  Thoughts?Follow-up: For a more AS-based setup, what would you (guys) recommend if TF stacking doesn't work?  My current setup is Tiamat TF Tabi/Merc TitHydra, then situational tank item, then GA/Maw depending on comp, with PTA + Legend Tenacity.  Out of:1. Change Tabi/Merc to Zerker2. Change GA/Maw to BotRK3. Change Legend Tenacity to Legend Alacrity4. Change PTA to TempoWhich one would be best?	Jaxmains	1510548956
TF stacking on Irelia with Transcendence The Transcendence rune gives 1.2 AD per point of CDR over the cap.  I've been thinking about going a double Trinity Force build.  This would give Irelia 50 AD, 48 more AD from Transcendence (40% CDR), 80% AS, 500 HP, 40% CDR, and 10% MS (nothing is unique besides the passives). TF is 97% cost efficient without either of its passives.  A 3rd TF would maybe be viable but I think TitHydra is probably better at that point for waveclear.  I feel like this could be really busted because the best way to abuse Transcendence is to buy items that give both damage and tankiness.  Irelia scales really well with attack speed too, but there is no other item that gives both AS and survivability, besides Wit's which is kinda meh. Thoughts?Follow-up: For a more AS-based setup, what would you (guys) recommend if TF stacking doesn't work?  My current setup is Tiamat TF Tabi/Merc TitHydra, then situational tank item, then GA/Maw depending on comp, with PTA + Legend Tenacity.  Out of:1. Change Tabi/Merc to Zerker2. Change GA/Maw to BotRK3. Change Legend Tenacity to Legend Alacrity4. Change PTA to TempoWhich one would be best?	IreliaMains	1510549612
no text for post found	StarWarsBattlefront	1510802868
What is the counterplay as melee vs ranged in top lane? I'm currently typing bits and pieces of this while semi-afk in game as Jax vs Teemo, 0/5/0 and 50 cs to 130 @ 15.  Since, of course, I can't really do anything else besides sit afk under my towers.  This is the 4th Teemo I've faced in 2 days (blind pick so I can't see their champions when I pick mine) and I'm tilted beyond belief.  It's so fucking frustrating because there's 0 counterplay to ranged as melee if you don't have a skill that enables you to farm/waveclear from range.  On top of that, ranged tops are completely dominating the meta this patch.  I legit think Teemo is the strongest top laner right now if you get 2nd pick, and Teemo/Gnar/Kennen are definitely worth permabanning if you main a melee top laner.How the actual fuck are you supposed to play melee vs ranged in top lane when the melee has no way to farm from range?  I know how to play this as Maokai, Cho'Gath, Galio, etc., since you just use your ranged skills to farm.  Even Darius isn't that bad later on.  But what about champions like Jax, Ornn, Trundle etc.?  You get zoned off the creep wave from level 1 all the way to like level 9, and even then they can still kite you so you're not guaranteed to win duels.  They force you back every minute so you end up getting about half of their CS, and that's in the absolute best possible situation unless they're braindead or your jungler camps for you.  I am aware of the bush aggro trick, but it doesn't necessarily work when they can out-poke you or if the wave is in a bad spot.  I didn't even pull a Hashinshin this game; I played super safe starting from level 1, started Shield and rushed Cowl, and always stayed under tower, only grabbing last hits when convenient, but absolutely nothing worked at all.  (This is why I'm a mid main.)My biggest issue with this is when they refuse to take the tower but also refuse to leave the lane.  I'm totally fine with giving up the beginning CS and the tower and farming at T2 because that means at least I can chill back safely.  But they just refuse to take tower and stay in lane 24/7.  As if the bad matchup isn't insulting enough, you can literally never farm for the entire game.  This is so ridiculously dumb.  How do you forcibly make your tower fall and make the enemy top leave lane if the enemy top refuses to take your tower?	summonerschool	1511009203
What is the counterplay as melee vs ranged? I'm currently typing bits and pieces of this while semi-afk in game as Jax vs Teemo, 0/5/0 and 50 cs to 130 @ 15.  Since, of course, I can't really do anything else besides sit afk under my towers.  This is the 4th Teemo I've faced in 2 days (blind pick so I can't see their champions when I pick mine) and I'm tilted beyond belief.  It's so fucking frustrating because there's 0 counterplay to ranged as melee if you don't have a skill that enables you to farm/waveclear from range.  On top of that, ranged tops are completely dominating the meta this patch.  I legit think Teemo is the strongest top laner right now if you get 2nd pick, and Teemo/Gnar/Kennen are definitely worth permabanning if you main a melee top laner.How the actual fuck are you supposed to play melee vs ranged in top lane when the melee has no way to farm from range?  I know how to play this as Maokai, Cho'Gath, Galio, etc., since you just use your ranged skills to farm.  Even Darius isn't that bad later on.  But what about champions like Jax, Ornn, Trundle etc.?  You get zoned off the creep wave from level 1 all the way to like level 9, and even then they can still kite you so you're not guaranteed to win duels.  They force you back every minute so you end up getting about half of their CS, and that's in the absolute best possible situation unless they're braindead or your jungler camps for you.  I am aware of the bush aggro trick, but it doesn't necessarily work when they can out-poke you or if the wave is in a bad spot.  I didn't even pull a Hashinshin this game; I played super safe starting from level 1, started Shield and rushed Cowl, and always stayed under tower, only grabbing last hits when convenient, but absolutely nothing worked at all.  (This is why I'm a mid main.)My biggest issue with this is when they refuse to take the tower but also refuse to leave the lane.  I'm totally fine with giving up the beginning CS and the tower and farming at T2 because that means at least I can chill back safely.  But they just refuse to take tower and stay in lane 24/7.  As if the bad matchup isn't insulting enough, you can literally never farm for the entire game.  This is so ridiculously dumb.  How do you forcibly make your tower fall and make the enemy top leave lane if the enemy top refuses to take your tower?	top_mains	1511009595
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1511151557
Discussion: Alacrity or Bloodline on ADCs? So this has apparently been a subject of much debate among people of all levels and elos.  Do you guys take Legend Alacrity or Legend Bloodline for AD carries?  A lot of people have been telling me that Alacrity is straight-up better.  I think there are merits to both and neither one is strictly better than the other.&amp;nbsp;Alacrity:Alacrity has higher gold value.  18% AS @ 450 gold is worth more than 8% LS @ 300 gold, so you're getting more out of the rune from a pure cost efficiency standpoint.  Alacrity is straight-up more DPS than Bloodline (well Bloodline is no DPS technically, unless 8% LS is the difference between life and death), so if you are in absolutely no danger of getting killed, this rune will let you do the most damage.This is an absolute must for ADCs that already get a lifesteal item early or go on-hit and have all their damage scale off AS, like Kalista/Draven/Kog'Maw/Varus/on-hit Vayne.  (I always get BotRK by 4th item on Kog, Varus, and Vayne anyway.)  On top of the champions listed above, I'll probably use this on champions that turn out to be good with the buffed Fleet Footwork, but I'm not sure who would take Footwork over PTA/Tempo.&amp;nbsp;Bloodline:Bloodline has lower gold value, but lifesteal is a rarer stat.  It is much easier to get attack speed from items and champion kits (Tristana Q, Twitch Q, Xayah W, Jinx passive, Sivir ult, etc.) than lifesteal.  The AS from Alacrity is only half an item's worth of AS.  If you need the AS that much, can't you just get Zerkers instead of Tabi?  In addition, since everyone takes either Press the Attack or Lethal Tempo this patch, crit ADCs don't get any lifesteal besides Doran's Blade until their 4th item.  And on top of that, sometimes you need an item like LDR/Mortal/GA/Maw 4th, which delays your lifesteal item even further and possibly even pushes it out of your build.  Taking into account the fact that games tend to end a little earlier now, Bloodline makes up for the fact that you get no lifesteal in items for most of the game.We probably all agree that the champions I listed above would not take this rune.  I think ADCs that rush 3 crit items (Tristana/Twitch/Xayah/Jinx/Sivir/Caitlyn/crit Ashe) get the most use out of this.&amp;nbsp;Most people seem to think that Alacrity is better for every single champion in every single situation.  My opinion is that Bloodline is not a bad option and for certain ADCs, it is personal preference which one you take.  I currently take Alacrity when I play Kog, Varus, and Vayne.  For triple crit ADCs, I will personally be sticking with Bloodline because that is the setup I am more comfortable with.  I'm currently in mid silver-low gold and people fight and trade a lot, so it is extremely valuable for me to be able to heal back up quickly in preparation for the next fight that will inevitably come within a minute.What do you think?	summonerschool	1511280872
Malz top? How is Malzahar top?  It sounds like it wouldn't be too bad.  I'm a mid/top main who is tired of continually getting shit on by Teemo/Gnar/Kennen; I have NEVER won lane against them if I am not playing a ranged champion myself.  (My most played top laners are Maokai/Darius/Jax/Nasus/Trundle/Vlad, recently Ornn, and they all get hard countered by range.)  And I kinda can't really play any of those so I want a ranged AP caster I can already play to take top, because I've decided on a "if I can't beat them, join them" attitude.So this is why I was thinking about Malz.  He should be able to shove waves in 24/7 just like he does in mid, right?  And his shield is good at preventing him from getting all-in-ed.  Is Malz a good pick for the top lane?tl;dr is malz top good/viable	MalzaharMains	1511360860
PSA: You can complete the PROJECT: Hunters Event missions in Co-op vs. AI games. Bot games count for the missions since they don't specify they have to be in PVP matchmade modes.  So no need to stress about having to try super hard in PVP if you're not a hardcore player or don't have that much time to play during the next week and a half (ends on 12/4).Of course, this is not counting the missions that specify Overcharge, as those can only be done in that game mode.The list of missions is here: https://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/news/game-updates/special-event/learn-more-project-hunters-event	leagueoflegends	1511372379
Why can't we see enemy minions that have Zoe's spell shards? Title.  Why is it that if there's a Zoe on the other team, our team can't see the minions that hold her spell shards?  I remember this was specifically added for some champions to increase counterplay, but with Zoe you can't even deny her because you have no idea which minions are the ones you have to deny.  And no, seeing the shard on the ground is not good enough because it's extremely easy to pick up from there, especially after she hits 6.	leagueoflegends	1511406953
How to Lane - Melee Vs Ranged in League of Legends http://team-dignitas.net/articles/blogs/League-of-Legends/11815/how-to-lane-melee-vs-ranged-in-league-of-legendsCross-post from r/leagueoflegendsIm sure there are a lot of posts and comments addressing this already, but this is an article from Team Dignitas about in melee vs ranged matchups, most notably in top lane where this kind of occurrence transpires more frequently.  I personally have a huge problem with this when I play top lane and Im sure most people struggle hard in these matchups as well so I hope that this information is useful.  Im not sure how obvious or dated this information is but some of it is new to me despite having played for a long time.  Its nice that Team Dignitas is still putting out educational content despite their current situation and I dont know what else to say hopefully this is enough characters or something.	summonerschool	1511520396
What happens if you drive from a left-driving country to a right-driving country or vice versa? Like China to Hong Kong, Hong Kong to China, England to France, France to England, etc.  Basically any country that drives on the left or right side of the road to the other.  And cars in right-driving countries have the steering wheel and driver on the left side, while cars in left-driving countries have he steering wheel and driver on the right side.Do you just switch sides suddenly at some point and drive weird because youre the only one on the road sitting in the opposite side as everyone else?	NoStupidQuestions	1511600348
no text for post found	CrappyDesign	1511663260
no text for post found	mildlyinfuriating	1511663356
Azir top? How is Azir top?  It sounds like it wouldn't be too bad.  I'm a mid/top main who is tired of continually getting shit on by Teemo/Gnar/Kennen; I have NEVER won lane against them if I am not playing a ranged champion myself.  (My most played top laners are Maokai/Darius/Jax/Nasus/Trundle/Vlad, recently Ornn, and they all get hard countered by range.)  In today's meta, the only chance you have to beat a tank is to either play another tank that's equally strong or play a ranged lane bully.  And I kinda can't really play any of those so I want a ranged AP caster I can already play to take top, because I've decided on a "if I can't beat them, join them" attitude.So this is why I was thinking about Azir.  He bullies melees extremely hard, has high sustained damage in lane and in teamfights against people who stay in his "danger zone," and has an escape to get out of ganks.  To me he just sounds like Teemo with no blind but an escape.  I played him a lot back when he was broken so I already kinda have a grasp of his mechanics.  Is Azir a good pick for the top lane?tl;dr is azir top good/viable	azirmains	1511765281
Are there any Korean fried chicken places in Pudong? Im talking like legit sit down places with Korean fried chicken and beer, not the sketchy little roadside places the size of a closet.  Im living in Pudong near Century Park, and Ive been looking for months and havent found a single one.  The nearest one is in Puxi an hour away from me.  Is there a single place that has that nearby?	shanghai	1511784504
What is this sub's opinion on the current top lane meta? In the light of all the hashinshin posts on r/leagueoflegends sub, I would like to know this subreddit's opinion on the current top lane meta.&amp;nbsp;Context and tl;dr: I am a salty silver-gold Darius/Jax player.  I'm tired of having to play tanks or cheese ranged champions just to be able to do anything as a top laner.  As a result I've decided to quit playing top until they fix this meta.&amp;nbsp;I'm a mid/top main who is tired of continually getting shit on by Teemo/Gnar/Kennen; I have NEVER won lane against them if I am not playing a ranged champion myself.  After matchups like Jax vs. Teemo, Ornn vs. Teemo, Darius vs. Jayce, etc., I can't take it anymore.  I'm at the point where I would rather straight-up not go to lane and  jungle than have to lane melee vs. ranged again.  The only champions that I have even had a chance of holding lane are Ornn, Maokai, and Cho'Gath, and even then you're forced to afk at your tower 24/7 and hope your team doesn't shit the bed so you can scale.  It's the most non-interactive gameplay I have ever experienced in 5 years of playing League of Legends.But when I don't want to play a tank or I need to win lane to carry my team, what the fuck am I supposed to do?  I'm not that good at Teemo and Jayce, so I've resorted to taking mages top like Vladimir, Malzahar, Azir, Viktor, and Syndra, and I found that they have better performance against range than actual top laners like Darius/Camille.  Only by playing a cheese champion and playing solely to win lane do I have a chance to do anything against range.The issue with bruisers is that they were balanced around Fervor. Now that it's gone they're left with nerfed base stats/damage/survivability and no usable keystone. They literally have no windows to punish tanks or kill carries now. They don't beat them in laning phase 1v1, mid game skirmishes, or late game teamfights. They're just shit at all stages of the game.This is the worst state top has been in since Sunfire IBG SV meta IMO. It feels like if you dont play a scaling tank like Ornn/Maokai/Shen or a ranged lane bully like Teemo/Jayce/Gnar you just straight up auto lose. Its so fucking stupid. My most played top laners are Darius and Jax and theyre pretty much unplayable right now.  Look at the past competitive metas.  The moment top lane sucks, champions like Jayce, Gnar, and Kennen make it completely unfun and unfair.  Jayce is an especially bad factor in my opinion because there's basically no counterplay to how abusive he is in this current meta.  I'm absolutely done with top lane until they fix these issues.Does anyone else share this sentiment?  If you agree, what are your thoughts on the current top lane meta?  If you disagree, why don't you think it's as bad as people say it is?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1511924330
no text for post found	summonerschool	1511924678
What keystone will Xayah take next patch? Footwork and Tempo are getting buffed in 7.24, while PTA is getting nerfed.  I can see Footwork, PTA, and Tempo all working for her in different ways and different playstyles.  Which would be the best one?  I play her as a caster/burst ADC so I'm gonna take either PTA or Footwork.Related question: Is Xayah an autoattacker or a caster?	xayahmains	1511932388
Holding your ult when youre about to level up Do you guys hold your ult when youre about to level up?  Like for example, if youre lvl 10 and 80% to level 11, do you hold your ult so that you get the benefits of increased damage and reduced cooldown at rank 2?  In an extreme example, would you choose to not use Karthus ult in a lvl 10 teamfight and wait until you level up, and then force another fight at lvl 11 as soon as everyone is alive?  I do this all the time as pretty much any role because it tilts me a lot when I use my ult and then level up right after.  Obviously this doesnt apply to spammable low cd ults like Corki/KogMaw/Kassadin.	summonerschool	1512088558
Why not just give every champion a little more MR per level? Like give every champion a little more magic resistance per level, like 0.5 or 0.75 or something.  This would result in every champion getting 9 or 12 MR @ 18, which is pretty close to what old blues gave.  The current MR/lvl values are balanced around having flat or scaling MR blues, but those are obviously gone.  I think this balance change would lower the insane flat damage of tanks like Ornn and Leona without screwing mages too much.	leagueoflegends	1512444560
Transcendence build on Xin Zhao Xin is one of those champions that's really good with both BC and TF, but it has always been really awkward to fit both in a single build.  So I was thinking about getting both now, and to be honest a CDR stacking build with Transc doesn't sound that bad.  I go Warrior TF BC FH, the last item being Maw or Adaptive vs balanced team and Randuin or Thorn vs all AD team.  Runes would be Precision/Sorcery with PTA.  Thoughts?	XinZhaoMains	1512465143
Suggestion: make Transcendence's CDR scale per level I have a suggestion to make Transcendence feel less bad to take, even though it is good on a lot of champions that don't normally itemize CDR well.  I think they should make Transcendence give 1% CDR per level until you hit level 10.  This way you're not left without a rune for most of the laning phase.	leagueoflegends	1512634376
Gathering Storm should give its bonuses more often Currently, Gathering Storm is outclassed by Scorch on most champions because the average game doesn't go super long and Storm gives its bonuses only every 10 minutes.  I think they should make it so that you get AD or AP every 5 minutes instead of 10, with the values at 5, 15, 25, etc. set appropriately to have uniform scaling.  This wouldn't change anything at 10, 20, 30, etc. but it would make your power curve a lot smoother.Edit: My other thread didn't take off, but the idea was to do something similar to Transcendence, like make it 1% CDR per level until level 10.	leagueoflegends	1512634685
Why wasnt Cinderhulk buffed along with Sunfire? The champion damage nerfs on Sunfire Cape a while ago were reverted in the most recent patch (11-29 to 25-43), is there a reason why it wasnt done for Cinderhulk?	leagueoflegends	1512874446
Snowdown 2017 Naughty and Nice Missions For some strange reason Riot doesn't have the missions listed on the [Snowdown 2017 website](http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/featured/events/snowdown-2017), so I found them on [Rift Herald](https://www.riftherald.com/lol-guides/2017/12/12/16767932/snowdown-2017-missions-guide-lol-naughty-nice).  The missions might affect which path you choose (they definitely do for me), so this is probably good information to know beforehand.&amp;nbsp;For the lazy:&amp;nbsp;**Starting mission**1. Win 2 games OR feed a poro in a game where any poro explodes on the Howling Abyss.  Reward: 500 EXP, 250 Blue Essence*Finishing this mission unlocks the 2 paths.*&amp;nbsp;**Nice**1. Win 3 Legend of the Poro King games OR win 3 ARAM games.  Reward: Reindeer Poro Icon, 100 Blue Essence  *Once you complete this mission, you are locked into the Nice path.*2. Get 120 kills and/or assists on Summoners Rift OR use 30 poro snax on the Howling Abyss.  Reward: 300 XP, 300 Blue Essence3. Win 5 games and place 5 wards per game OR use Flash 25 times.  Reward: Hextech Chest and Key4. Get 50 assists, heal 20,000 damage AND win a game with Poppy, Braum or Bard on either team.  Reward: Braumbread emote&amp;nbsp;**Naughty**1. Win 3 Summoners Rift games OR win 3 ARURF games.  Reward: Baron Poro icon, 100 Blue Essence *Once you complete this mission, you are locked into the Naughty path.*2. Destroy 30 towers as a team OR hit 50 enemy champions with snowballs.  Reward: 300 XP, 300 Blue Essence3. Spend 150,000 gold OR deal 300,000 damage to enemy champions.  Reward: Hextech Chest and Key4. Kill 200 enemy champions as a team, kill two Barons as a team AND win a game with Jinx, Draven or Veigar on either team.  Reward: Dravenbread emote	leagueoflegends	1513161925
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1513234607
We need an AD/armor item for ARAM Since Guardian Angel is disabled and there is no other item in the game with both AD and armor in it.  Either a new item with a new passive/active, or an ARAM-only version of GA with slightly better stats but no passive would be nice.  It's really annoying playing an AD carry, AD assassin, or AD bruiser against a physical damage heavy team/hyper carry and aside from Tabi there's nothing I can build but pure tank items.	leagueoflegends	1513235534
Taric: enchanter or tank? What do you build on Taric now?  Enchanter or tank?  Literally every single build on op.gg, lolalytics, probuilds, and lolvvv are different -__-	taricmains	1513237050
Is it okay to pick slightly off comfort in order to make a better team comp? Should I forgo one of my comfort picks to pick another champion that fills more holes, so we don't screw over our team comp?  For a specific scenario, my best junglers are Jarvan/Sejuani/Kayn/Warwick/Xin/Gragas (mid silver-low gold solo queue), but I get teams that pick all AD very often, and it's extremely frustrating because if I don't pick AP we get outscaled and inevitably lose once the game gets to a certain point.  I can pick up most simple champions pretty fast.  I kinda know how to play Elise and Nid; I can play them well enough to not be useless but not well enough to carry a bad team or a team with multiple losing lanes.  I can play Amumu but find him really boring so I don't play him lol.  I've also been thinking of switching Gragas from a tank build to an AP bruiser build (RE IBG SV Liandry) to help remedy this issue.  Thoughts/opinions?  Do you guys pick off comfort if another champion you're not as good at fits the team comp better (aka pick carry if you have too many tanks, pick tank if you have too many squishies, pick something like Rammus even with less experience on him just to counter an all AD team, etc.)?This kinda applies with any role, although it's more prevalent in top and jungle due to the variety of champion archetypes in those roles.tl;dr is it okay to pick slightly off comfort in order to make a better team comp	summonerschool	1513312072
What exactly are "fundamentals"? I've been around for a while, and I consistently see people telling new players and low-mid elo players (such as myself at silver-gold) to stop focusing on complicated things, work on basics and fundamentals, and learn the game.  But what exactly do these mean?  Everyone I've seen who tells other people to work on these points always says the same thing over and over again and don't explain any more, never actually elaborating on what these "basics" and "fundamentals" are and how one "learns the game."  They just name drop these extremely vague terms and regurgitate the same canned "tips" to the point that it's not even giving real advice and does not help in the slightest bit.A question for the people who use these kinds of terms frequently to help new players and players trying to climb the ladder through low-mid elo (aka me because I'm super confused at what people are saying), can you go into a **detailed** explanation as to what exactly "basics" and "fundamentals" are without simply stating definitions and vague blanket buzzwords?	summonerschool	1513649198
Better to pick carries vs assassins? Is it better to pick multiple hard carries into assassins on the enemy team?  I've found that drafting tanks doesn't work that well because once they focus our 1 or 2 carries all of our damage is gone and the tanks can't make up for the lack of damage.  Would it be better to pick a 3 or 3.5, even 4 carry comp to apply the "if they kill one of our carries, at least we have 2 more" logic?This primarily goes for top, jungle, and to a lesser extent support.  I play carries, bruisers, and tanks all at the same level with no preference to any so the "do whatever you want" and "just play whoever you're best at" arguments are invalid.	summonerschool	1514219734
What's with all the bots and afks in AI games lately? Literally every game I get has a bot or an afk, usually 2.  I feel like it has been happening a lot more often in the recent weeks.  Anyone else experiencing this when they play bot games?  I just want to get my first win bonus, FFS.	leagueoflegends	1514291590
What does it mean to "scale" with AP? Can anyone explain "scaling" when it comes to AP champions?  After all these years, I still don't understand why a champion scales well or badly.  I know it's not based on ratios alone.&amp;nbsp;You don't have to read this part.I looked up a couple examples:Anivia: 40% (x2), 50% (x2), 12.5%-37.5%.  Total about **2.55-3.3** to AP, depending on how many ticks of ult you hit them with.  Considered to scale well.Brand: 0.015% max HP, 55%, 75%, 35%, 25% (x3).  Total **2.4** to AP + max HP damage if you hit all 3 ults.  Considered to scale badly.Galio: 50%, 100% + 0.01% max HP, 20%-60%, 90%, 70%.  Total **3.5** to AP + max HP damage if you half charge taunt.  Considered to scale badly.Gragas: 60-90%, 30%, 60%, 70%.  Total **2.2-2.5** to AP depending on how long Q is charged.  Considered to scale badly.Orianna: 15%, 50-15%, 70%, 30%, 70%.  Total **2.35** to AP if no Q dropoff.  Considered to scale well.Zyra: 60%, 15%, 50%, 70%.  Total **2.4** to AP if 2 plants auto twice.  Considered to scale badly.&amp;nbsp;It seems completely arbitrary whether a champion is considered to scale well or badly with AP.  Anyone who plays AP mages and mage supports able to elaborate?	summonerschool	1514514786
no text for post found	summonerschool	1515529251
Course registration down for anyone else? Title, the page from myNEU doesn't load for me and I just get stuck at "building your course catalog" briefly before it goes white and stops there.	NEU	1515535034
How do you play against Kayle? How do you counter Kayle? Her ult cooldown is ridiculously low (like under a minute) and lasts so long. I literally cannot do anything to her or her team because her ult cd is lower than the cd of the burst combo of anyone I play, so every time I want to do something she just ults it off. I have no idea why Riot would buff this champion, lol.	summonerschool	1515658751
Why doesnt the Precision tree have split stats? Resolve got changed to give half HP and half AD/AS if you take it as a primary or secondary.  Why doesnt Precision have split stats if you take it with Domination or Sorcery?  I think this would be a reasonable change and give ADCs and some bruisers more desirable starting stats.	leagueoflegends	1515789045
How do you beat Yasuo, Kassadin and Katarina? These 3 matchups are by far the hardest ones Ive faced as Orianna.  I cant harass them at all since they just dash/blink over my ball (its like Lucian mid but 100 times worse) and they do so much damage in the blink of an eye.  Shockwave does help a bit, but I cant really peel them off me because theyre still in melee range and they can stick on me with their mobility.  Yasuo has the extra bonus of wind wall blocking ball movement and auto harass, Kassadin has the extra bonus of taking very little damage due to passive, and Katarina is just kinda broken right now as everyone knows but she doesnt have any specific mechanic to counter Ori.  Anyone have detailed matchup advice on these 3?	OriannaMains	1516388624
TSM Bjergsen - The Three Wave Gank Strategy (x-post from r/leagueoflegends) Not my video, just cross-posting it here because I feel like this can help a lot of mid laners of all ranks and elos.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzNOSom-uB0This video explains a tactic in mid lane to set up your opposing laner for a 3:00-3:30 gank with your jungler, who is doing a standard level 3 clear.  Applies to mid laners with decent waveclear and wave control abilities and junglers who are able to be useful in a level 3 gank.tl;dw summary: Push 1st wave to their side, let 2nd wave slow push back to your tower, freeze 3rd wave or let it crash, shit on them if they're not watching their minimap gg ez	summonerschool	1516477240
no text for post found	summonerschool	1516850482
Reminder that fighting is not the only option I'm so tired of people that think that constantly fighting is the only way to get your way back into the game.  This is not even close to true.  I'm seeing this more and more in my games recently, and it's unbelievably frustrating.  They literally just fight for the sake of fighting and don't think about why they fight.Only 2 enemy champions in vision and rest of the map is dark?  Fight.Enemy champion full HP randomly farming near their T2 tower?  Fight.No objectives up for another 2 minutes and lanes are pushing into us and jungle camp are up?  Fight.2 people want to back and buy because they're sitting on 2.5k gold?  Fight.Team is behind 5k gold with no ults up?  Fight.If you have a comp with Nasus, Shyvana, Orianna, Sivir, and Braum, you DON'T have to try to kill everyone you see and chase them to the ends of the earth.  You have to play to your win condition, which in this case is to wait and scale, because you have a scaling team comp.  In fact, only fighting meaninglessly and brainlessly is beyond stupid, especially if you're against a skirmish comp that is better in split fights.  Obviously this is different for every game, but it can be generalized into just a few scenarios.So many people in my games fail to see this and continually play overly aggressive thinking that fighting is the only option instead of playing safe and farming, which more often than not causes us to lose the game before we can scale.  Remember that you win through objectives, not kills.  And sometimes, if the situation is right, doing nothing actually can help win you the game. (LS touched on this in this SKT vs JAG game 3 VOD review if you don't know what I'm talking about.)This is just a little tip to all you people out there who like to do nothing but fight.  I'm not intending for this to be a rant post but a piece of information about a situation that most people frankly don't know about or apply in game.  Hopefully this helps get you thinking about some basic macro and learning how to apply your win conditions from game to game.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr Don't fight just for the sake of fighting, think about your win condition and fight for a reason.	leagueoflegends	1516850712
What's the difference between a 0-1-4 push and a 0-2-3 push? This is a question about mid to high level macro, most notably sending people to split push in mid or late game. What's the difference between a 0-1-4 push and a 0-2-3 push, and when would you do either?  LS said this in one of his VOD reviews and I was confused on the specific details of the situation.	summonerschool	1516859428
Reminder that fighting is not the only option Here's a little tip to all you people out there who like to do nothing but fight.  I'm seeing this one thing happen in many people's games and mine that's causing a lot of unnecessary losses and frustration.  Most people think that constantly fighting is the only way to get your way back into the game.  This is not even close to true.  In every single elo from bronze to diamond, people literally just fight for the sake of fighting and don't think about why they fight.Only 2 enemy champions in vision and rest of the map is dark?  Fight.Enemy champion full HP randomly farming near their T2 tower?  Fight.No objectives up for another 2 minutes and lanes are pushing into us and jungle camp are up?  Fight.2 people want to back and buy because they're sitting on 2.5k gold?  Fight.Team is behind 5k gold with no ults up?  Fight.Literally nothing happening?  Fight.  Because fuck it, we don't know how to do anything else.If you have a comp with Nasus, Shyvana, Orianna, Sivir, and Braum, you DON'T have to try to kill everyone you see and chase them to the ends of the earth.  You have to play to your win condition, which in this case is to wait and scale, because you have a scaling team comp.  You should also try to pick fights that are set up advantageously for your team comp.  In fact, only fighting meaninglessly and brainlessly is beyond stupid, especially if you're against a skirmish comp that is better in split fights.  Obviously this is different for every game, but it can be generalized into just a few scenarios.So many people in games fail to see this and continually play overly aggressive thinking that fighting is the only option instead of playing safe and farming, which more often than not causes them to lose the game before they can scale.  Remember that you win through objectives, not kills.  And sometimes, if the situation is right, doing nothing actually can help win you the game. (LS touched on this in this SKT vs JAG game 3 VOD review if you don't know what I'm talking about.)  Hopefully this helps get you thinking about some basic macro and learning how to apply your win conditions from game to game.&amp;nbsp;tl;dr Don't fight just for the sake of fighting, think about your win condition and fight for a reason.	summonerschool	1516905401
Less LP for a win? Did anyone just get less LP for a win?  I normally get +19 -17 and I just got +10 for some strange reason.  I'm on NA.	leagueoflegends	1517004861
How to play when your team has no tank? How do you play ADC or an immobile mage when your team has no tank? Hypothetical situation, but I might role swap from top (again) and by doing so I'm assuming that most of my teams aren't gonna have a tank, because it's solo queue.  Generally the only way I can ensure our team has a tank is if I play it.  More often than not, everyone just goes in and gets blown up while I'm left to fend for myself (which obviously doesn't work the grand majority of the time).	summonerschool	1518045608
Disconnecting for no reason in competitive Does anyone else just randomly dc for no reason during games?  I'm DCing during comp when I have absolutely no issue with any other app on my computer, it's only Overwatch.  It doesn't make any sense because I can play Quick Play for as long as I want, the issue only happens when I play competitive, which is extremely frustrating.  Everything on my computer is completely updated (game, Battle.net, drivers, wireless adapter, graphics card, firewall) and I have my DNS set to Google's public DNS as per the instructions on the Battle.net forums.	Overwatch	1518595600
Can a graduate student enroll in or audit undergraduate classes? I'm a graduate student in CPS.  I'm taking pretty much entirely classes for my major, but I also want to take some programming and CS classes to learn things required to get a good job but not offered in my field.  Can I enroll in or audit any of these classes?  What is the average class size?  Undergraduate or graduate are fine, but graduate is most likely a no-go because those classes are small and seats are reserved for students in that school and major.  If I can, I most likely will just be sitting in on them or be taking them P/NP.	NEU	1519022405
Why aren't there more differentials between item and rune functionality for melee and ranged? This is an issue League has had for, let's be honest, like over 4 years now.  I think a lot of runes and items need to give more power to melee champions, because ranged champions have been historically abusing them and causing them to get nerfed for everyone.   Look at items like Ghostblade, Duskblade, BotRK, etc.  Every single one of them was nerfed solely because a ranged champion or set of ranged champions was abusing them.  However, this ends up gutting the item for melee champions, who they were balanced on the whole time.  I think that if these items and maybe some others had separate values for melee and ranged, such as different amounts of damage or halved movement speed bonus for ranged, it would be perfectly fine.Grasp and Glacial Augment are good in that they give more benefit to melee, and I think this should extend to more runes as well as items, such as Footwork, Tempo, PTA, Bone Plating, Second Wind, and Celerity.  This way melees can use the runes in a balanced manner without worrying about rangeds causing the rune to get nerfed for everyone.	leagueoflegends	1519702406
Why aren't there more differentials between item and rune functionality for melee and ranged? This is an issue League has had for, let's be honest, like over 4 years now.  I think a lot of runes and items need to give more power to melee champions, because ranged champions have been historically abusing them and causing them to get nerfed for everyone.   Look at items like Ghostblade, Duskblade, BotRK, etc.  Every single one of them was nerfed solely because a ranged champion or set of ranged champions was abusing them.  However, this ends up gutting the item for melee champions, who they were balanced on the whole time.  I think that if these items and maybe some others had separate values for melee and ranged, such as different amounts of damage or halved movement speed bonus for ranged, it would be perfectly fine.Grasp and Glacial Augment are good in that they give more benefit to melee, and I think this should extend to more runes as well as items, such as Footwork, Tempo, PTA, Bone Plating, Second Wind, and Celerity.  This way melees can use the runes in a balanced manner without worrying about rangeds causing the rune to get nerfed for everyone.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1519708604
Why aren't there more differentials between item and rune functionality for melee and ranged? This is an issue League has had for, let's be honest, like over 4 years now. I think a lot of runes and items need to give more power to melee champions, because ranged champions have been historically abusing them and causing them to get nerfed for everyone. Look at items like Ghostblade, Duskblade, BotRK, etc. Every single one of them was nerfed solely because a ranged champion or set of ranged champions was abusing them. However, this ends up gutting the item for melee champions, who they were balanced on the whole time. I think that if these items and maybe some others had separate values for melee and ranged, such as different amounts of damage or halved movement speed bonus for ranged, it would be perfectly fine.Grasp and Glacial Augment are good in that they give more benefit to melee, and I think this should extend to more runes as well as items, such as Footwork, Tempo, PTA, Bone Plating, Second Wind, and Celerity. This way melees can use the runes in a balanced manner without worrying about rangeds causing the rune to get nerfed for everyone.	summonerschool	1519720600
Reasoning and math behind Void Staff rush Whats the reasoning/math behind Void Staff rush?  I heard about the Elite500 build but I dont believe that its more efficient than a standard AP/CDR build because it gives you nothing but AP and nobody has MR that early into the game.  At that point, CDR gives you so much more damage and utility than MPen because you can cast Q and E more times, which also gives you more heals to keep fighting, and HP is always good because you're in close range so often.My analysis:Void gives 70 AP, 98 HP, and 12 MPen (0.4*30) for 2650.Protobelt gives 67.5 AP, 384 HP, 10 CDR, and active for 2500.Its basically the same AP but Protobelt gives more survivability, utility, and consistency at the cost of only 12 MPen, which is less than an Oblivion Orb.  Also, with 30% CDR (my build is Protobelt Lucidity Codex Hat/Spellbinder), you can fit in Q and E twice in the duration of a single ultimate, which is the key breakpoint to increasing both your burst and DPS by a lot.  With the Void rush build, if you can't one-shot someone with 3 spells in the duration of your ult, you have to wait for your cooldowns to come back up to be useful again.  	VladimirMains	1519762474
Why aren't there more differentials between item and rune functionality for melee and ranged? This is an issue League has had for, let's be honest, like over 4 years now. I think a lot of runes and items need to give more power to melee champions, because ranged champions have been historically abusing them and causing them to get nerfed for everyone. Look at items like Ghostblade, Duskblade, BotRK, etc. Every single one of them was nerfed solely because a ranged champion or set of ranged champions was abusing them. However, this ends up gutting the item for melee champions, who they were balanced on the whole time. I think that if these items and maybe some others had separate values for melee and ranged, such as different amounts of damage or halved movement speed bonus for ranged, it would be perfectly fine.Grasp and Glacial Augment are good in that they give more benefit to melee, and I think this should extend to more runes as well as items, such as Footwork, Tempo, PTA, Bone Plating, Second Wind, and Celerity. This way melees can use the runes in a balanced manner without worrying about rangeds causing the rune to get nerfed for everyone.	leagueoflegends	1519765510
no text for post found	OverwatchUniversity	1520104264
Now that the spring split is almost over, who do you predict will get the Victorious skin? Usually the victorious skin goes to one of the champions with the highest competitive impact during the spring split.  Who do you think it's going to be?  My guesses are Azir, Ryze, Sejuani, Camille, or Gangplank.	leagueoflegends	1521489956
Grasp or Conqueror Does Shen stick with Grasp or does he switch to Conqueror?  Since he fights a lot but he's closer to a tank (Maokai/Malphite/Ornn) than a bruiser (Jax/Darius/Renekton).	Shen	1521508720
Why is Rageblade's cost getting increased, but Zeal items are untouched? So Guinsoo's Rageblade's cost is getting increased by 300 on the PBE from 3000 to 3300 with no compensation to the item or related items.  Yet the price of Zeal items, most notably Statikk Shiv and Rapid Firecannon, hasn't been touched in forever, despite how strong they have been this entire time.  Why do they do this?  Bruisers are decent for a single patch and they instantly get nerfed (expect nerfs to Conqueror, and then hit every bruiser individually with the Riot special haHAA), while AD carries have been broken for over a whole season now?  This only exaggerates the problem that ADCs hit their late game power too early.  Bruiser builds (3700 + 3500 + 3200/3300 = 10400/10500) are already over 1000 gold more expensive than an ADC's build (2600 + 3400 + 2600 = 8600) and this nerf just makes it even worse.  I think the price of all Zeal items should be increased by 200-300 gold for the same reason.  Either that or decrease the price of Trinity Force + Black Cleaver and/or Ravenous Hydra + Titanic Hydra to compensate.	leagueoflegends	1522075295
Is Swain an AP carry or AP bruiser? Build question I have 2 builds for Swain (AP carry and AP bruiser) and I can't tell which one is better.  I feel like they're both viable for different situations...?&amp;nbsp;AP carry build: RoA HG ZH Liandry Hat VoidAP bruiser build: RoA HG ZH SV Rylai Liandry (may change order)&amp;nbsp;Rod of Ages and Haunting Guise into Liandry, with Zhonya's Hourglass as needed, is core for both.  But I'm not sure about the other two.  For one build, Rabadon's Deathcap and Void Staff are for pure one-shot damage.  For the other, Spirit Visage is for the HP scaling heal, and Rylai is for kiting as a bruiser.  Which one does Swain tend to go more, and in which situation should I go each build?  Also how necessary is Tear/Archangel?	SwainMains	1523616576
PSA of basic itemization errors people make I've been playing this game for a while, and I see that a lot of people make the same basic, obvious, itemization errors over and over again.  Most of these errors honestly stem from not doing a bit of simple reading.  So I decided to make a guide to cover most of the problems that I see, and hopefully people in the comments can add on to it or mention any exceptions I missed.&amp;nbsp;AD carry:* **Do not get Rapid Firecannon if you don't have Statikk Shiv, or you're not taking Fleet Footwork.** Firecannon amplifies the Energize effect, but it's only really worth it if you combine it with another one.  I don't think there is a single champion that regularly gets Firecannon standalone without anything else.* **Do NOT be greedy and get 100% crit unless you literally need none of the other situational items.** The situational items I'm talking about here are Lord Dominik's Regards, Mortal Reminder, Mercurial Scimitar, Guarian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, and Frozen Mallet.  The only time I think you should ever get 100% crit on an ADC is when the enemy has no tanks, no healing, no CC, and no burst.  If the enemy has any of those (which they usually will), any other AD item is going to be better.  It's not worth it greeding for 100% crit when you either do no damage to tanks or die instantly to CC or burst.&amp;nbsp;AP carry:* **If you buy Rod of Ages, make sure you buy it as your first completed full item or don't buy it at all.**  Kind of obvious here, but it's a stacking item so its most efficient when rushed.* **Rabadon's Deathcap is mandatory in a 6 item AP build, and Void Staff is almost mandatory.**  If you have 5 AP items, you should always have Hat as one of those, ever since the buff.  Hat will ALWAYS mathematically be the best item for damage and waveclear in a full build.  No exceptions.  If you don't get Hat when you have 4 other AP items you're basically trolling.  The only time you don't need Void at all is if you're against 5 squishy ranged champions and none of them build MR.  Otherwise, Void is mathematically the best item in terms of damage per gold.* **If you're deciding between Zhonya's Hourglass and Banshee's Veil, take enemy team comp into account and don't always buy the same item.**  So many times I see people buying BV into an all AD team or ZH into a 3 AP team because they autopilot and can't think.  I understand that you value the passive/active a lot, but maaaaybe that extra armor/MR can help you more than you think.  This is mostly directed at all the TF/Kassadin/Ekko/Akali players that build ZH without thinking because somebody told them it was a "core" item and then proceed to get continually blown up by the 2 or 3 mages on their team.  No, it is not a core item.  It is always situational between the 2.  The decision comes down to the game and using your brain, not what some guide or website tells you.  If you truly know what you are doing (like doing Misaya plays or something) then go for it, but don't complain about the lack of resistances when you die.&amp;nbsp;Bruiser: * **Sterak's Gage gives base AD, NOT bonus AD.  Do NOT buy this item on champions that don't have great total AD ratios and don't get Trinity Force.  Also, it is melee only.**  As a top lane bruiser main, this one personally pisses me off the most.  So many people get Sterak's on weird-ass champs like Kled, Fiora, Poppy, Rek'Sai, Pantheon, and even Jayce (??).  These champions have entirely bonus AD ratios, and since Sterak only gives base AD, this item LITERALLY does not give you any damage at all.  Renekton, Xin Zhao, Nasus, and Jax have a little bit of total AD scaling, but not enough to make Sterak worth it.  This item is intended for champions with good total AD ratios like Illaoi, Yorick, Darius, Camille, Irelia, Wukong, Udyr, Olaf, Mordekaiser (TF bruiser build).  I know Sterak used to be a core item for Gnar and Urgot, but it doesn't work on them anymore, so don't try it.  If you want a defensive item on the champions I mentioned in the first or second lists, get Black Cleaver, Titanic Hydra, Guardian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, or just any tank item.  I guarantee you that it will be a better balance of damage and survivability than Sterak.&amp;nbsp;Tank:* **Plan out your build in champion select in loading screen.** This is also kind of self-explanatory, but it's not helpful when you suddenly realize you don't know what you're building so you're sitting with incomplete components of 3 items at 20 minutes.  Plan it out beforehand, you should only have to make minor build order changes in game.&amp;nbsp;Support:* **Locket scales off bonus HP.  Unless your team desperately needs to survive, do NOT buy it on a squishy support.**  Exceptions are if you're playing an enchanter and if you truly know what you are doing.  For me, I'd rather just get AP items to buff up my heals and shields, since enchanters don't really build HP.* **Zeke's Convergence is an item for tanks, NOT for enchanters.**  I see people buying this item on Lulu or Karma for some strange reason.  The AoE of the frost storm is extremely small, so you have to be in basically melee range of the enemy to make any use out of it.  And if you're in melee range of 5 people as an enchanter, well...I think that speaks for itself.  This item is designed for champions like Braum, Leona, Thresh, Blitzcrank, and Rakan (exception to the enchanter rule).&amp;nbsp;General:* **Grievous Wounds exists.  Against heavy healing champions, healing reduction does more damage than actual damage.** That's Executioner's Calling (Mortal Reminder), Bramble Vest (Thornmail), and Morellonomicon.  Exceptions are if your champion REALLY doesn't have space for it because have a bunch of other items good for them like Ekko/Fizz/Kassadin ((Protobelt/RoA) (ZH/BV) Lich Hat Void) or Anivia (RoA Archangel Liandry Hat Void) or Malzahar/Brand ((LC item) Rylai Liandry Hat Void).  But in general, AD carries and tanks should have space.&amp;nbsp;Possibly adding more here, WIP&amp;nbsp;I know this was kind of a long post, but hopefully I got the message across to people that didn't know before.  The most important thing to take away from this is...READ!  PLEASE read your items and think about why you are buying them.  Don't mindlessly buy items just because they give nice stats or look cool.	u_chemnerd6021023	1524436452
Guide/PSA of basic itemization errors I've been playing this game for a while, and I see that a lot of people make the same basic, obvious, itemization errors over and over again.  Most of these errors honestly stem from not doing a bit of simple reading.  So I decided to make a guide/PSA to cover most of the problems that I see, and hopefully people in the comments can add on to it or mention any exceptions I missed.&amp;nbsp;AD carry:* **Do not get Rapid Firecannon if you don't have Statikk Shiv, or you're not taking Fleet Footwork.** Firecannon amplifies the Energize effect, but it's only really worth it if you combine it with another one.  I don't think there is a single champion that regularly gets Firecannon standalone without anything else.* **Do NOT be greedy and get 100% crit unless you literally need none of the other situational items.** The situational items I'm talking about here are Lord Dominik's Regards, Mortal Reminder, Mercurial Scimitar, Guarian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, and Frozen Mallet.  The only time I think you should ever get 100% crit on an ADC is when the enemy has no tanks, no healing, no CC, and no burst.  If the enemy has any of those (which they usually will), any other AD item is going to be better.  It's not worth it greeding for 100% crit when you either do no damage to tanks or die instantly to CC or burst.&amp;nbsp;AP carry:* **If you buy Rod of Ages, make sure you buy it as your first completed full item or don't buy it at all.**  Kind of obvious here, but it's a stacking item so its most efficient when rushed.* **Rabadon's Deathcap is mandatory in a 6 item AP build, and Void Staff is almost mandatory.**  If you have 5 AP items, you should always have Hat as one of those, ever since the buff.  Hat will ALWAYS mathematically be the best item for damage and waveclear in a full build.  No exceptions.  If you don't get Hat when you have 4 other AP items you're basically trolling.  The only time you don't need Void at all is if you're against 5 squishy ranged champions and none of them build MR.  Otherwise, Void is mathematically the best item in terms of damage per gold.  I can't think of a single champion that acts as an exception to the Hat rule.* **If you're deciding between Zhonya's Hourglass and Banshee's Veil, take enemy team comp into account and don't always buy the same item.**  So many times I see people buying BV into an all AD team or ZH into a 3 AP team because they autopilot and can't think.  I understand that you value the passive/active a lot, but maaaaybe that extra armor/MR can help you more than you think.  This is mostly directed at all the TF/Kassadin/Ekko/Akali players that build ZH without thinking because somebody told them it was a "core" item and then proceed to get continually blown up by the 2 or 3 mages on their team.  No, it is not a core item.  It is always situational between the 2.  The decision comes down to the game and using your brain, not what some guide or website tells you.  If you truly know what you are doing (like doing Misaya plays or something) then go for it, but don't complain about the lack of resistances when you die.&amp;nbsp;Bruiser: * **Sterak's Gage gives base AD, NOT bonus AD.  Do NOT buy this item on champions that don't have great total AD ratios and don't get Trinity Force.  Also, it is melee only.**  As a top lane bruiser main, this one personally pisses me off the most.  So many people get Sterak's on weird-ass champs like Kled, Fiora, Poppy, Rek'Sai, Pantheon, and even Jayce (??).  These champions have entirely bonus AD ratios, and since Sterak only gives base AD, this item LITERALLY does not give you any damage at all.  Renekton, Xin Zhao, Nasus, and Jax have a little bit of total AD scaling, but not enough to make Sterak worth it.  This item is intended for champions with good total AD ratios like Illaoi, Yorick, Darius, Camille, Irelia, Wukong, Udyr, Olaf, Mordekaiser (TF bruiser build).  I know Sterak used to be a core item for Gnar and Urgot, but it doesn't work on them anymore, so don't try it.  If you want a defensive item on the champions I mentioned in the first or second lists, get Black Cleaver, Titanic Hydra, Guardian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, or just any tank item.  I guarantee you that it will be a better balance of damage and survivability than Sterak.&amp;nbsp;Tank:* **Plan out your build in champion select in loading screen.** This is also kind of self-explanatory, but it's not helpful when you suddenly realize you don't know what you're building so you're sitting with incomplete components of 3 items at 20 minutes.  Plan it out beforehand, you should only have to make minor build order changes in game.* **Do NOT buy Spirit Visage on a champion that doesn't have healing in their kit, unless you can't use either of the other ones.**  For some reason everyone autopilots to SV as their MR item, even on Shen/Poppy/Malphite/Ornn/Amumu.  Those champions have no healing at all, unless from outside sources, so it's not worth it.  Abyssal Mask is good on AP tanks that get in close like Amumu, Malphite, Ornn, and Maokai.  Adaptive Helm is good against champions that do repeating damage like Singed, Cassiopeia, and Rumble.  If you're an AD tank and their team has no champions that do repeating damage, then you can even get something like Maw of Malmortius or Warmog's Armor + Gargoyle Stoneplate if you want.  Just don't get SV unless you have no other choice.&amp;nbsp;Support:* **Locket scales off bonus HP.  Unless your team desperately needs to survive, do NOT buy it on a squishy support.**  Exceptions are if you're playing an enchanter and if you truly know what you are doing.  For me, I'd rather just get AP items to buff up my heals and shields, since enchanters don't really build HP.* **Zeke's Convergence is an item for tanks, NOT for enchanters.**  I see people buying this item on Lulu or Karma for some strange reason.  Unlike its predecessor Zeke's Harbinger, this item is designed for engage champions like Braum, Leona, Thresh, Blitzcrank, and Rakan (exception to the enchanter rule).  The AoE of the frost storm is extremely small, so you have to be in basically melee range of the enemy to make any use out of it.  And if you're in melee range of 5 people as an enchanter, well...I think that speaks for itself.&amp;nbsp;General:* **Grievous Wounds exists.  Against heavy healing champions, healing reduction does more damage than actual damage.** That's Executioner's Calling (Mortal Reminder), Bramble Vest (Thornmail), and Morellonomicon.  Exceptions are if your champion REALLY doesn't have space for it because have a bunch of other items good for them like Ekko/Fizz/Kassadin ((Protobelt/RoA) (ZH/BV) Lich Hat Void) or Anivia (RoA Archangel Liandry Hat Void) or Malzahar/Brand ((LC item) Rylai Liandry Hat Void).  But in general, AD carries and tanks should have space.&amp;nbsp;Possibly adding more here, WIP&amp;nbsp;I know this was kind of a long post, but hopefully I got the message across to people that didn't know about some of these before.  The most important thing to take away from this is...READ!  PLEASE read your items and think about why you are buying them.  Don't mindlessly buy items just because they give nice stats or look cool.	leagueoflegends	1524439705
no text for post found	summonerschool	1524440112
Guide/PSA of basic itemization errors I've been playing this game for a while, and I see that a lot of people make the same basic, obvious, itemization errors over and over again.  Most of these errors honestly stem from not doing a bit of simple reading.  So I decided to make a guide/PSA to cover most of the problems that I see, and hopefully people in the comments can add on to it or mention any exceptions I missed.&amp;nbsp;AD carry:* **Do not get Rapid Firecannon if you don't have Statikk Shiv, or you're not taking Fleet Footwork.** Firecannon amplifies the Energize effect, but it's only really worth it if you combine it with another one.  I don't think there is a single champion that regularly gets Firecannon standalone without anything else.* **Do NOT be greedy and get 100% crit unless you literally need none of the other situational items.** The situational items I'm talking about here are Lord Dominik's Regards, Mortal Reminder, Mercurial Scimitar, Guarian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, and Frozen Mallet.  The only time I think you should ever get 100% crit on an ADC is when the enemy has no tanks, no healing, no CC, and no burst.  If the enemy has any of those (which they usually will), any other AD item is going to be better.  It's not worth it greeding for 100% crit when you either do no damage to tanks or die instantly to CC or burst.&amp;nbsp;AP carry:* **If you buy Rod of Ages, make sure you buy it as your first completed full item or don't buy it at all.**  Kind of obvious here, but it's a stacking item so its most efficient when rushed.* **Rabadon's Deathcap is mandatory in a 6 item AP build, and Void Staff is almost mandatory.**  If you have 5 AP items, you should always have Hat as one of those, ever since the buff.  Hat will ALWAYS mathematically be the best item for damage and waveclear in a full build.  No exceptions.  If you don't get Hat when you have 4 other AP items you're basically trolling.  The only time you don't need Void at all is if you're against 5 squishy ranged champions and none of them build MR.  Otherwise, Void is mathematically the best item in terms of damage per gold.  I can't think of a single champion that acts as an exception to the Hat rule.* **If you're deciding between Zhonya's Hourglass and Banshee's Veil, take enemy team comp into account and don't always buy the same item.**  So many times I see people buying BV into an all AD team or ZH into a 3 AP team because they autopilot and can't think.  I understand that you value the passive/active a lot, but maaaaybe that extra armor/MR can help you more than you think.  This is mostly directed at all the TF/Kassadin/Ekko/Akali players that build ZH without thinking because somebody told them it was a "core" item and then proceed to get continually blown up by the 2 or 3 mages on their team.  No, it is not a core item.  It is always situational between the 2.  The decision comes down to the game and using your brain, not what some guide or website tells you.  If you truly know what you are doing (like doing Misaya plays or something) then go for it, but don't complain about the lack of resistances when you die.&amp;nbsp;Bruiser: * **Sterak's Gage gives base AD, NOT bonus AD.  Do NOT buy this item on champions that don't have great total AD ratios and don't get Trinity Force.  Also, it is melee only.**  As a top lane bruiser main, this one personally pisses me off the most.  So many people get Sterak's on weird-ass champs like Kled, Fiora, Poppy, Rek'Sai, Pantheon, and even Jayce (??).  These champions have entirely bonus AD ratios, and since Sterak only gives base AD, this item LITERALLY does not give you any damage at all.  Renekton, Xin Zhao, Nasus, and Jax have a little bit of total AD scaling, but not enough to make Sterak worth it.  This item is intended for champions with good total AD ratios like Illaoi, Yorick, Darius, Camille, Irelia, Wukong, Udyr, Olaf, Mordekaiser (TF bruiser build).  I know Sterak used to be a core item for Gnar and Urgot, but it doesn't work on them anymore, so don't try it.  If you want a defensive item on the champions I mentioned in the first or second lists, get Black Cleaver, Titanic Hydra, Guardian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, or just any tank item.  I guarantee you that it will be a better balance of damage and survivability than Sterak.&amp;nbsp;Tank:* **Plan out your build in champion select in loading screen.** This is also kind of self-explanatory, but it's not helpful when you suddenly realize you don't know what you're building so you're sitting with incomplete components of 3 items at 20 minutes.  Plan it out beforehand, you should only have to make minor build order changes in game.* **Do NOT buy Spirit Visage on a champion that doesn't have healing in their kit, unless you can't use either of the other ones.**  For some reason everyone autopilots to SV as their MR item, even on Shen/Poppy/Malphite/Ornn/Amumu.  Those champions have no healing at all, unless from outside sources, so it's not worth it.  Abyssal Mask is good on AP tanks that get in close like Amumu, Malphite, Ornn, and Maokai.  Adaptive Helm is good against champions that do repeating damage like Singed, Cassiopeia, and Rumble.  If you're an AD tank and their team has no champions that do repeating damage, then you can even get something like Maw of Malmortius or Warmog's Armor + Gargoyle Stoneplate if you want.  Just don't get SV unless you have no other choice.&amp;nbsp;Support:* **Locket scales off bonus HP.  Unless your team desperately needs to survive, do NOT buy it on a squishy support.**  Exceptions are if you're playing an enchanter and if you truly know what you are doing.  For me, I'd rather just get AP items to buff up my heals and shields, since enchanters don't really build HP.* **Zeke's Convergence is an item for tanks, NOT for enchanters.**  I see people buying this item on Lulu or Karma for some strange reason.  Unlike its predecessor Zeke's Harbinger, this item is designed for engage champions like Braum, Leona, Thresh, Blitzcrank, and Rakan (exception to the enchanter rule).  The AoE of the frost storm is extremely small, so you have to be in basically melee range of the enemy to make any use out of it.  And if you're in melee range of 5 people as an enchanter, well...I think that speaks for itself.&amp;nbsp;General:* **Grievous Wounds exists.  Against heavy healing champions, healing reduction does more damage than actual damage.** That's Executioner's Calling (Mortal Reminder), Bramble Vest (Thornmail), and Morellonomicon.  Exceptions are if your champion REALLY doesn't have space for it because have a bunch of other items good for them like Ekko/Fizz/Kassadin ((Protobelt/RoA) (ZH/BV) Lich Hat Void) or Anivia (RoA Archangel Liandry Hat Void) or Malzahar/Brand ((LC item) Rylai Liandry Hat Void).  But in general, AD carries and tanks should have space.&amp;nbsp;Possibly adding more here, WIP&amp;nbsp;I know this was kind of a long post, but hopefully I got the message across to people that didn't know about some of these before.  The most important thing to take away from this is...READ!  PLEASE read your items and think about why you are buying them.  Don't mindlessly buy items just because they give nice stats or look cool.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1524440132
Guide of basic itemization errors I've been playing this game for a while, and I see that a lot of people make the same basic, obvious, itemization errors over and over again.  Most of these errors honestly stem from not doing a bit of simple reading.  So I decided to make a guide/PSA to cover most of the problems that I see, and hopefully people in the comments can add on to it or mention any exceptions I missed.&amp;nbsp;AD carry:* **Do not get Rapid Firecannon if you don't have Statikk Shiv, or you're not taking Fleet Footwork.** Firecannon amplifies the Energize effect, but it's only really worth it if you combine it with another one.  I don't think there is a single champion that regularly gets Firecannon standalone without anything else.* **Do NOT be greedy and get 100% crit unless you literally need none of the other situational items.** The situational items I'm talking about here are Lord Dominik's Regards, Mortal Reminder, Mercurial Scimitar, Guarian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, and Frozen Mallet.  The only time I think you should ever get 100% crit on an ADC is when the enemy has no tanks, no healing, no CC, and no burst.  If the enemy has any of those (which they usually will), any other AD item is going to be better.  It's not worth it greeding for 100% crit when you either do no damage to tanks or die instantly to CC or burst.&amp;nbsp;AP carry:* **If you buy Rod of Ages, make sure you buy it as your first completed full item or don't buy it at all.**  Kind of obvious here, but it's a stacking item so its most efficient when rushed.* **Rabadon's Deathcap is mandatory in a 6 item AP build, and Void Staff is almost mandatory.**  If you have 5 AP items, you should always have Hat as one of those, ever since the buff.  Hat will ALWAYS mathematically be the best item for damage and waveclear in a full build.  No exceptions.  If you don't get Hat when you have 4 other AP items you're basically trolling.  The only time you don't need Void at all is if you're against 5 squishy ranged champions and none of them build MR.  Otherwise, Void is mathematically the best item in terms of damage per gold.  I can't think of a single champion that acts as an exception to the Hat rule.* **If you're deciding between Zhonya's Hourglass and Banshee's Veil, take enemy team comp into account and don't always buy the same item.**  So many times I see people buying BV into an all AD team or ZH into a 3 AP team because they autopilot and can't think.  I understand that you value the passive/active a lot, but maaaaybe that extra armor/MR can help you more than you think.  This is mostly directed at all the TF/Kassadin/Ekko/Akali players that build ZH without thinking because somebody told them it was a "core" item and then proceed to get continually blown up by the 2 or 3 mages on their team.  No, it is not a core item.  It is always situational between the 2.  The decision comes down to the game and using your brain, not what some guide or website tells you.  If you truly know what you are doing (like doing Misaya plays or something) then go for it, but don't complain about the lack of resistances when you die.&amp;nbsp;Bruiser: * **Sterak's Gage gives base AD, NOT bonus AD.  Do NOT buy this item on champions that don't have great total AD ratios and don't get Trinity Force.  Also, it is melee only.**  As a top lane bruiser main, this one personally pisses me off the most.  So many people get Sterak's on weird-ass champs like Kled, Fiora, Poppy, Rek'Sai, Pantheon, and even Jayce (??).  These champions have entirely bonus AD ratios, and since Sterak only gives base AD, this item LITERALLY does not give you any damage at all.  Renekton, Xin Zhao, Nasus, and Jax have a little bit of total AD scaling, but not enough to make Sterak worth it.  This item is intended for champions with good total AD ratios like Illaoi, Yorick, Darius, Camille, Irelia, Wukong, Udyr, Olaf, Mordekaiser (TF bruiser build).  I know Sterak used to be a core item for Gnar and Urgot, but it doesn't work on them anymore, so don't try it.  If you want a defensive item on the champions I mentioned in the first or second lists, get Black Cleaver, Titanic Hydra, Guardian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, or just any tank item.  I guarantee you that it will be a better balance of damage and survivability than Sterak.&amp;nbsp;Tank:* **Plan out your build in champion select in loading screen.** This is also kind of self-explanatory, but it's not helpful when you suddenly realize you don't know what you're building so you're sitting with incomplete components of 3 items at 20 minutes.  Plan it out beforehand, you should only have to make minor build order changes in game.* **Do NOT buy Spirit Visage on a champion that doesn't have healing in their kit, unless you can't use either of the other ones.**  For some reason everyone autopilots to SV as their MR item, even on Shen/Poppy/Malphite/Ornn/Amumu.  Those champions have no healing at all, unless from outside sources, so it's not worth it.  Abyssal Mask is good on AP tanks that get in close like Amumu, Malphite, Ornn, and Maokai.  Adaptive Helm is good against champions that do repeating damage like Singed, Cassiopeia, and Rumble.  If you're an AD tank and their team has no champions that do repeating damage, then you can even get something like Maw of Malmortius or Warmog's Armor + Gargoyle Stoneplate if you want.  Just don't get SV unless you have no other choice.&amp;nbsp;Support:* **Locket scales off bonus HP.  Unless your team desperately needs to survive, do NOT buy it on a squishy support.**  Exceptions are if you're playing an enchanter and if you truly know what you are doing.  For me, I'd rather just get AP items to buff up my heals and shields, since enchanters don't really build HP.* **Zeke's Convergence is an item for tanks, NOT for enchanters.**  I see people buying this item on Lulu or Karma for some strange reason.  Unlike its predecessor Zeke's Harbinger, this item is designed for engage champions like Braum, Leona, Thresh, Blitzcrank, and Rakan (exception to the enchanter rule).  The AoE of the frost storm is extremely small, so you have to be in basically melee range of the enemy to make any use out of it.  And if you're in melee range of 5 people as an enchanter, well...I think that speaks for itself.&amp;nbsp;General:* **Grievous Wounds exists.  Against heavy healing champions, healing reduction does more damage than actual damage.** That's Executioner's Calling (Mortal Reminder), Bramble Vest (Thornmail), and Morellonomicon.  Exceptions are if your champion REALLY doesn't have space for it because have a bunch of other items good for them like Ekko/Fizz/Kassadin ((Protobelt/RoA) (ZH/BV) Lich Hat Void) or Anivia (RoA Archangel Liandry Hat Void) or Malzahar/Brand ((LC item) Rylai Liandry Hat Void).  But in general, AD carries and tanks should have space.&amp;nbsp;Possibly adding more here, WIP&amp;nbsp;I know this was kind of a long post, but hopefully I got the message across to people that didn't know about some of these before.  The most important thing to take away from this is...READ!  PLEASE read your items and think about why you are buying them.  Don't mindlessly buy items just because they give nice stats or look cool.	summonerschool	1524440178
Guide/PSA of basic itemization errors I've been playing this game for a while, and I see that a lot of people make the same basic, obvious, itemization errors over and over again.  Most of these errors honestly stem from not doing a bit of simple reading.  So I decided to make a guide/PSA to cover most of the problems that I see, and hopefully people in the comments can add on to it or mention any exceptions I missed.&amp;nbsp;AD carry:* **Do not get Rapid Firecannon if you don't have Statikk Shiv, or you're not taking Fleet Footwork.** Firecannon amplifies the Energize effect, but it's only really worth it if you combine it with another one.  I don't think there is a single champion that regularly gets Firecannon standalone without anything else.* **Do NOT be greedy and get 100% crit unless you literally need none of the other situational items.** The situational items I'm talking about here are Lord Dominik's Regards, Mortal Reminder, Mercurial Scimitar, Guarian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, and Frozen Mallet.  The only time I think you should ever get 100% crit on an ADC is when the enemy has no tanks, no healing, no CC, and no burst.  If the enemy has any of those (which they usually will), any other AD item is going to be better.  It's not worth it greeding for 100% crit when you either do no damage to tanks or die instantly to CC or burst.&amp;nbsp;AP carry:* **If you buy Rod of Ages, make sure you buy it as your first completed full item or don't buy it at all.**  Kind of obvious here, but it's a stacking item so its most efficient when rushed.* **Rabadon's Deathcap is mandatory in a 6 item AP build, and Void Staff is almost mandatory.**  If you have 5 AP items, you should always have Hat as one of those, ever since the buff.  Hat will ALWAYS mathematically be the best item for damage and waveclear in a full build.  No exceptions.  If you don't get Hat when you have 4 other AP items you're basically trolling.  The only time you don't need Void at all is if you're against 5 squishy ranged champions and none of them build MR.  Otherwise, Void is mathematically the best item in terms of damage per gold.  I can't think of a single champion that acts as an exception to the Hat rule.* **If you're deciding between Zhonya's Hourglass and Banshee's Veil, take enemy team comp into account and don't always buy the same item.**  So many times I see people buying BV into an all AD team or ZH into a 3 AP team because they autopilot and can't think.  I understand that you value the passive/active a lot, but maaaaybe that extra armor/MR can help you more than you think.  This is mostly directed at all the TF/Kassadin/Ekko/Akali players that build ZH without thinking because somebody told them it was a "core" item and then proceed to get continually blown up by the 2 or 3 mages on their team.  No, it is not a core item.  It is always situational between the 2.  The decision comes down to the game and using your brain, not what some guide or website tells you.  If you truly know what you are doing (like doing Misaya plays or something) then go for it, but don't complain about the lack of resistances when you die.&amp;nbsp;Bruiser: * **Sterak's Gage gives base AD, NOT bonus AD.  Do NOT buy this item on champions that don't have great total AD ratios and don't get Trinity Force.  Also, it is melee only.**  As a top lane bruiser main, this one personally pisses me off the most.  So many people get Sterak's on weird-ass champs like Kled, Fiora, Poppy, Rek'Sai, Pantheon, and even Jayce (??).  These champions have entirely bonus AD ratios, and since Sterak only gives base AD, this item LITERALLY does not give you any damage at all.  Renekton, Xin Zhao, Nasus, and Jax have a little bit of total AD scaling, but not enough to make Sterak worth it.  This item is intended for champions with good total AD ratios like Illaoi, Yorick, Darius, Camille, Irelia, Wukong, Udyr, Olaf, Mordekaiser (TF bruiser build).  I know Sterak used to be a core item for Gnar and Urgot, but it doesn't work on them anymore, so don't try it.  If you want a defensive item on the champions I mentioned in the first or second lists, get Black Cleaver, Titanic Hydra, Guardian Angel, Maw of Malmortius, or just any tank item.  I guarantee you that it will be a better balance of damage and survivability than Sterak.&amp;nbsp;Tank:* **Plan out your build in champion select in loading screen.** This is also kind of self-explanatory, but it's not helpful when you suddenly realize you don't know what you're building so you're sitting with incomplete components of 3 items at 20 minutes.  Plan it out beforehand, you should only have to make minor build order changes in game.* **Do NOT buy Spirit Visage on a champion that doesn't have healing in their kit, unless you can't use either of the other ones.**  For some reason everyone autopilots to SV as their MR item, even on Shen/Poppy/Malphite/Ornn/Amumu.  Those champions have no healing at all, unless from outside sources, so it's not worth it.  Abyssal Mask is good on AP tanks that get in close like Amumu, Malphite, Ornn, and Maokai.  Adaptive Helm is good against champions that do repeating damage like Singed, Cassiopeia, and Rumble.  If you're an AD tank and their team has no champions that do repeating damage, then you can even get something like Maw of Malmortius or Warmog's Armor + Gargoyle Stoneplate if you want.  Just don't get SV unless you have no other choice.&amp;nbsp;Support:* **Locket scales off bonus HP.  Unless your team desperately needs to survive, do NOT buy it on a squishy support.**  Exceptions are if you're playing an enchanter and if you truly know what you are doing.  For me, I'd rather just get AP items to buff up my heals and shields, since enchanters don't really build HP.* **Zeke's Convergence is an item for tanks, NOT for enchanters.**  I see people buying this item on Lulu or Karma for some strange reason.  Unlike its predecessor Zeke's Harbinger, this item is designed for engage champions like Braum, Leona, Thresh, Blitzcrank, and Rakan (exception to the enchanter rule).  The AoE of the frost storm is extremely small, so you have to be in basically melee range of the enemy to make any use out of it.  And if you're in melee range of 5 people as an enchanter, well...I think that speaks for itself.&amp;nbsp;General:* **Grievous Wounds exists.  Against heavy healing champions, healing reduction does more damage than actual damage.** That's Executioner's Calling (Mortal Reminder), Bramble Vest (Thornmail), and Morellonomicon.  Exceptions are if your champion REALLY doesn't have space for it because have a bunch of other items good for them like Ekko/Fizz/Kassadin ((Protobelt/RoA) (ZH/BV) Lich Hat Void) or Anivia (RoA Archangel Liandry Hat Void) or Malzahar/Brand ((LC item) Rylai Liandry Hat Void).  But in general, AD carries and tanks should have space.&amp;nbsp;Possibly adding more here, WIP&amp;nbsp;I know this was kind of a long post, but hopefully I got the message across to people that didn't know about some of these before.  The most important thing to take away from this is...READ!  PLEASE read your items and think about why you are buying them.  Don't mindlessly buy items just because they give nice stats or look cool.	u_chemnerd6021023	1524440248
My balance suggestions General non-champion-specific changes/balance suggestions:1. Make melee vs range matchups less painful.  Gut ranged top laners because they're not fun in any way and they remove your opponent from playing the game.   I would say add a line to Doran's Shield that doubles the damage reduction from ranged attacks if purchased by a melee champion.2. A lot of runes and items need to give more power to melee champions, because ranged champions have been historically abusing them and causing them to get nerfed for everyone.   Put separate values for melee and ranged on items like FM, Ghostblade, Duskblade, BotRK, Abyssal, etc.  Grasp and Glacial Augment are good in that they give more benefit to melee, and I think this should extend to more runes such as Footwork, Tempo, PTA, Bone Plating, Second Wind, and Celerity. 3. Zeal items are straight-up overpowered because they're too cheap.  Increase the cost of all Zeal items by like 200-400 gold each, depending on the item.  I guess IE and ER are fine.4. Bruiser build is too expensive.  TF TitHydra RavHydra all cost way too much compared to ADC, APC, and tank items.  Decrease the cost by about 200-300 gold.  Sterak cost can stay.5. CDR creep.  I'm not sure how to rebalance this, though; the extent I have is to move some CDR around.  Remove CDR from some tank items and move it to other existing items or a new item.  Specifically, we need a good HP armor CDR item (350 or 400 HP, 50-60 armor, 10 CDR) and I dont think it would hurt too much since tanks will end up with the same build anyway and range can't abuse it.6. Improve consistency in runes.  A lot of runes don't feel good to use right now, even though they may be strong.  Change Gathering Storm to give AD/AP every 5 minutes instead of 10 but have the same values at the end.  Buff Scorch late game damage.	u_chemnerd6021023	1524440437
We should have a game mode that is in between Quick Play and Competitive. So now that it's off-season, I was thinking...QP currently is a complete shitshow of leavers, non-communicators, 1v6 people that refuse to group, throwers, and 5 DPS comps, and Competitive may be too serious for some people.  Sometimes I just want to practice heroes in a normal(ish) team comp but don't want to face the stress of comp and SR, while having teammates that also at least try a little bit and take the game semi-seriously, albeit not as seriously as comp.  I also have friends that are out of the SR range to queue for competitive and I would like to play with them in a game mode that is a little less clown fiesta than what QP is now.  What if we had a new queue that uses the competitive format, but there is no SR and you can queue with anybody regardless of level and MMR?  Basically, it would be a permanent game mode between QP and competitive in seriousness.  Think of it like Normal Draft in LoL, where Normal Blind = QP and Ranked Flex = Competitive.  I think it would be really good for the game if this was implemented.	Overwatch	1524958681
We should have a game mode that is in between Quick Play and Competitive. So now that it's off-season, I was thinking...QP currently is a complete shitshow of leavers, non-communicators, 1v6 people that refuse to group, throwers, and 5 DPS comps, and Competitive may be too serious for some people.  Sometimes I just want to practice heroes in a normal(ish) team comp but don't want to face the stress of comp and SR, while having teammates that also at least try a little bit and take the game semi-seriously, albeit not as seriously as comp.  I also have friends that are out of the SR range to queue for competitive and I would like to play with them in a game mode that is a little less clown fiesta than what QP is now.  What if we had a new queue that uses the competitive format, but there is no SR and you can queue with anybody regardless of level and MMR?  Basically, it would be a permanent game mode between QP and competitive in seriousness.  Think of it like Normal Draft in LoL, where Normal Blind = QP and Ranked Flex = Competitive.  I think it would be really good for the game if this was implemented.	OverwatchUniversity	1524958712
In a normal 2-2-2 comp for ranked, does Brigitte take the spot of a healer or a tank? Title.  I hear mixed responses saying she takes the off healer spot and she takes the off tank spot.  Which one is it?  If it's both, in which situations do you play her as a healer, and which situations do you play her as a tank?	OverwatchUniversity	1525212842
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1526593546
Why does true damage from Infinity Edge apply lifesteal, but true damage from Conqueror does not? Seems like a really annoying inconsistency to me.	leagueoflegends	1528133008
no text for post found	leagueoflegends	1528386837
I just realized bot lane being the free-for-all role puts ADC players in the same place as everyone else. Mid laners have burst mages, DPS mages, and assassins.  Supports have enchanters, mages, and tanks.  Top laners and junglers have literally everything (carries, assassins, mages, AD bruisers, AP bruisers, tanks).  Every other role has to learn at least 2, if not more, of these champion archetypes in order to play their role well.Wow, ADC players finally get to play someone else other than a ranged autoattacker for the first time in their lives.	leagueoflegends	1528508240
Bruisers changes getting delayed again is the same issue that we had at the beginning of the season. The bruiser itemization rework (besides Sterak) was pulled from the patch, and Meddler said that they were thinking of holding off the changes until November.  *November.*  This is literally the same thing as early season 8.  ADCs get their changes within 1 or 2 patches, while bruisers waited 9 fucking patches to get a keystone.	leagueoflegends	1528833940
Bruisers changes getting delayed again is the same issue that we had at the beginning of the season. The bruiser itemization rework (besides Sterak) was pulled from the patch, and Meddler said that they were thinking of holding off the changes until November [in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/8qffqw/fighter_items_except_steraks_have_been_pulled/e0iub49/).  *November.*  This is literally the same thing as early season 8.  ADCs get their changes within 1 or 2 patches, while bruisers waited 9 fucking patches to get a keystone.Why is the same thing happening again?  Why do bruisers always get their changes so much later than everyone else?  Riot changes stuff about mages, adcs, and tanks so fast; whenever there's a problem they respond to it relatively quickly.  But with bruisers they wait and wait and drag it on forever.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1528834405
Do undergraduate clubs take graduate students? Title.  I'm a first year American-born Chinese graduate student, so I'm pretty close to the seniors in age.  I'm looking to join clubs in the summer and/or fall because it's really hard to meet people, and everyone in my class is an international student.  I saw the list on the clubs and organizations page, but the graduate section is extremely small.  Does anyone know how lax the undergraduate clubs are with taking graduate students?  I'm mostly interested in social clubs (AAA, CSA/CASA, TSA/TASA, etc.) and any casual beginner-friendly (like, take everyone regardless of audition result) dance teams.	NEU	1528922575
new hybrid Kai'Sa build I came up with I came up with a new hybrid Kai'Sa build a patch ago and only recently came around to fine tuning the purchase order.  I settled with ER Zerker Rageblade Gunblade Hurricane.  It has a ton of damage and survivability and doesn't need the nerfed DD to achieve Q evo.  You get Q and W evo whenever you finish those big items and E evo at level 11 or 12 + Zerker + Rageblade + 2 daggers, so depending on where you are you can squeeze in a dagger or 2 between Rageblade and Gunblade.  I don't think anyone has said this specific build yet but feel free to give it a try.	kaisamains	1529358537
New hybrid Kai'Sa build I came up with I came up with a new hybrid Kai'Sa build a patch ago and only recently came around to fine tuning the purchase order. After some practice tool tests, I settled with ER Zerker Rageblade Gunblade Hurricane. It has a ton of damage and survivability and doesn't need the nerfed DD to achieve Q evo. You get Q and W evo whenever you finish those big items and E evo at level 11 or 12 + Zerker + Rageblade + 2 daggers, so depending on where you are you can squeeze in a dagger or 2 between Rageblade and Gunblade. On top of all this, you have health sustain, mana sustain, 20% CDR (30 with Trans), and a spot for a situational item (GA/Maw/Mercurial/ZH/BV).  I don't think anyone has said this specific build yet but feel free to give it a try.	kaisamains	1529359222
Small tip to succeed as a tank in this meta In this meta, a lot of people have been saying tanks are dead due to Conqueror and new Infinity Edge. I have a small tip for you all to succeed as a tank.**Prioritize building HP over resists.  Stop stacking armor/MR and start stacking HP.**Why is that?  Due to Conqueror, IE, BC, LDR/Mortal, and Void, there is so much true damage and resist penetration in the game now that building armor and MR is not as worth it as it used to be.  Instead, you should spend more of your money on building HP.  It's been mathematically proven that Conqueror and IE are less effective on targets with low armor and MR than targets with high armor and MR; remember that damage being converted to true results in a smaller damage increase if the enemy has lower resists.  You also will not be punished that hard for stacking HP and not building as much resist because most people do not have access to % HP damage as BotRK and Liandry are only good on a select few champions and burst champions can't kill you through all that HP anyway. Therefore, you should alter your builds to adjust for this change.  Don't get more than 2 resist items of either kind, unless you're against a team that's entirely physical or magic and don't have to build the other kind of resist.  You can no longer have 250+ resists and only 3k- HP because you will die extremely quickly.  Instead you should aim to get at least 3.7k-4k HP on a full tank build and at least 3.2k HP on a bruiser or tank support build.  I don't know the exact math and am not going to bother with doing it, but I am almost certain that building HP is more cost efficient than building armor and MR now.	summonerschool	1529383798
Small tip to succeed as a tank in this meta In this meta, a lot of people have been saying tanks are dead due to Conqueror and new Infinity Edge. I have a small tip for you all to succeed as a tank.**Prioritize building HP over resists.  Stop stacking armor/MR and start stacking HP.**Why is that?  Due to Conqueror, IE, BC, LDR/Mortal, and Void, there is so much true damage and resist penetration in the game now that building armor and MR is not as worth it as it used to be.  Instead, you should spend more of your money on building HP.  It's been mathematically proven that Conqueror and IE are less effective on targets with low armor and MR than targets with high armor and MR; remember that damage being converted to true results in a smaller damage increase if the enemy has lower resists.  You also will not be punished that hard for stacking HP and not building as much resist because most people do not have access to % HP damage as BotRK and Liandry are only good on a select few champions and burst champions can't kill you through all that HP anyway. Therefore, you should alter your builds to adjust for this change.  Don't get more than 2 resist items of either kind, unless you're against a team that's entirely physical or magic and don't have to build the other kind of resist.  You can no longer have 250+ resists and only 3k- HP because you will die extremely quickly.  Instead you should aim to get at least 3.7k-4k HP on a full tank build and at least 3.2k HP on a bruiser or tank support build.  I don't know the exact math and am not going to bother with doing it, but I am almost certain that building HP is more cost efficient than building armor and MR now.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1529383808
Small tip to succeed as a tank in this meta In this meta, a lot of people have been saying tanks are dead due to Conqueror and new Infinity Edge. I have a small tip for you all to succeed as a tank.**Prioritize building HP over resists.  Stop stacking armor/MR and start stacking HP.**Why is that?  Due to Conqueror, IE, BC, LDR/Mortal, and Void, there is so much true damage and resist penetration in the game now that building armor and MR is not as worth it as it used to be.  Instead, you should spend more of your money on building HP.  It's been mathematically proven that Conqueror and IE are less effective on targets with low armor and MR than targets with high armor and MR; remember that damage being converted to true results in a smaller damage increase if the enemy has lower resists.  You also will not be punished that hard for stacking HP and not building as much resist because most people do not have access to % HP damage as BotRK and Liandry are only good on a select few champions and burst champions can't kill you through all that HP anyway. Therefore, you should alter your builds to adjust for this change.  Buy FH, IBG, and GSP less often and buy  Warmog and HP+resist/HP+damage items more often.  Don't get more than 2 resist items of either kind, unless you're against a team that's entirely physical or magic and don't have to build the other kind of resist.  You can no longer have 250+ resists and only 3k- HP because you will die extremely quickly.  Instead you should aim to get at least 3.7k-4k HP on a full tank build and at least 3.2k HP on a bruiser or tank support build.  I don't know the exact math and am not going to bother with doing it, but I am almost certain that building HP is more cost efficient than building armor and MR now.	leagueoflegends	1529385493
Milestones for weapons should be eliminations, not kills The numbers can be raised if necessary.  But please for the love of god change assists to count as well as kills for progression of unlocking weapons and weapon mods.  I'm pretty sure I have at least 300 eliminations by now but I only just got the first milestone (50 kills) for Assault and Heavy.  It's really frustrating to get KSed all the time, and as a new-ish player with base guns and level 1/2 star cards, it's nearly impossible to get kills when everyone else has high level guns and level 4 cards.	StarWarsBattlefront	1529621172
Milestones for weapons should be eliminations, not kills The numbers can be raised if necessary.  But please for the love of god change assists to count as well as kills for progression of unlocking weapons and weapon mods.  I'm pretty sure I have at least 300 eliminations by now but I only just got the first milestone (50 kills) for Assault and Heavy.  It's really frustrating to get KSed all the time, and as a new-ish player with base guns and level 1/2 star cards, it's nearly impossible to get kills when everyone else has high level guns and level 4 cards.	BattlefrontTWO	1529621175
No points for objective bug Anyone get the bug where the objective being captured doesnt give you points?  Its starting to get really frustrating since I think Ive been robbed of at least 10k points by now.	BattlefrontTWO	1530086026
No points for objective bug Anyone get the bug where the objective being captured doesnt give you points?  Its starting to get really frustrating since I think Ive been robbed of at least 10k points by now.	StarWarsBattlefront	1530086051
AFKers in HvV Is anything going to be done about the AFKers in Heroes vs Villains?  It's really tiring when I'm getting an AFK on my team nearly every game.	BattlefrontTWO	1530090423
AFKers in HvV Is anything going to be done about the AFKers in Heroes vs Villains?  It's really tiring when I'm getting an AFK on my team nearly every game.	StarWarsBattlefront	1530090446
Missions not working again? Just finished a game and didn't get mission credit for damage done or takedowns	leagueoflegends	1530821084
There should be diminishing returns on hard CC Its not particularly fun or interactive when Im CC locked for 5-10 seconds at a time, with the only effective counterplay being dont exist within a 2000 unit buffer of their team.  Its extremely frustrating to play against and even feels unfair against some team comps (usually the cancer 5 hard CC champs on ARAM or some kind of bruiser/mage bot).  Why hasnt Riot implemented diminishing returns on hard CC?	leagueoflegends	1530867888
no text for post found	AskMen	1531085208
Guys with sisters or female cousins that you grew up with, how has their presence affected your way with women? Has having them around made you better or worse with women?  Im curious because my only sibling is a younger brother and I was wondering what it was like from another point of view.	AskMen	1531104512
PSA: Ingenious Hunter does not work with Ghost Poro. I tested in Practice Tool with a bot and I can confirm that item CDR (Ingenious Hunter and Cosmic Insight) don't work with the cooldown of Ghost Poro when an enemy champion scares it away.Also, Ghost Poro's stats don't work in river bushes either.Sad.	leagueoflegends	1531943898
no text for post found	summonerschool	1531943953
Ingenious Hunter does not work with Ghost Poro. PSA: (because I can't put it in the title for some reason)I tested in Practice Tool with a bot and I can confirm that item CDR (Ingenious Hunter and Cosmic Insight) don't work with the cooldown of Ghost Poro when an enemy champion scares it away.Also, Ghost Poro's stats don't work in river bushes either.Sad.	summonerschool	1531944027
My opinion and frustrations regarding the support position I really want to have a discussion about my stance on the support position and my issues with playing support.  I've been holding this shit in for nearly 3 seasons and it's come to the point that I seriously cannot keep it to myself anymore so I have to make my points.  Do keep in mind that this is extremely opinionated, and most likely an unpopular opinion at that.  That being said, I dont care if you tell me Im wrong or stupid (I wont take it personally), as long as you have logical arguments to back it up.To preface, I am a top/mid main, playing mostly split pushers, who only plays support when absolutely forced to.  When I do, I usually play mage supports or engage tank supports.  Dont get me wrong, support is not underpowered right now.  In fact, I still think it is way too strong.  I just dislike playing support because it's not fun for me to have to deal with how other people treat support players.  This is not really a discussion about game balance, this is more about gameplay experience and how the general playerbase's attitude toward support makes it anti-fun for the support player in my eyes.My question is this: Why am I the only person on the team that gets abused for wanting to get even the slightest bit of gold, but its okay and universally accepted for everyone else?When junglers gank a lane and tax farm, it's perfectly okay, even encouraged.  When laning phase ends and people start roaming around and farming the map freely, nobody cares.  If a wave is about to crash into a tower and there are no objectives up, anybody is allowed to go farm that wave.  Well, almost anybody.  But *god forbid* that I, as a support, tax even 2 minions from a wave to help pay for wards and support item components?  Everyone is instantly up in flames.What's more infuriating on top of that is that the people who flame me for taking only a couple minions per wave/set of waves are the same people who don't let me get any gold.  People power clear minions so I can't proc my Relic stacks.  When I request for people to wait to clear the wave so I can get Coin drops, nobody listens.  When I want people to make space for me to poke a little or hard push a wave into their tower so I can get off all my Spellthief procs while not committing to an all-in teamfight, nobody cares and everyone does their own thing.  When I'm 200, 300 gold to finishing an item (Censer, Zeke, Abyssal, Archangel, Rylai, etc.) and another person is heading toward a wave, nope, I can't have it.  It has to go to the other person, no matter how much they need the gold.  Half the ADCs I see tell the support to back off a tower to give the carry solo gold as it is destroyed, even though the support put in just as much effort, if not more, in getting the tower.  In all my years of playing League since season 2 (well season 2 doesnt really count since there were no real support items back then), this attitude of greed and selfishness has not changed.  Its a catch-22 where the support loses no matter what choice they take.Ultimately, the issue I have with playing support is this: Why do people flame the support for every minion or jungle monster they take?  At the same time, why is it so common for people to intentionally deny supports their only way of getting money?Completely starving one person on the team like this leads to a gold distribution issue.  Yes, I am fully aware that games dont go that long.  But if the game does end up going that long, one or two people are going to be nearing full build while the support is probably stuck at like 2 items.  This creates a discrepancy where at a certain point, the support doesnt have any way to get money anymore, because the people killing minions the fastest are the ones with the most gold, and the main sources of gold are going to the people who are closest to full build, aka the ones that need it the least.  I would like to remind people that just because a champion is arbitrarily assigned to the support role does not mean that they can literally go the entire game without gold.  Some supports like Brand, Zyra, Soraka, Sona, Leona, and Blitzcrank actually do scale decently with gold.  500 gold may not mean much to a champion with 4 items, but it matters a lot for someone who is at 2 items and can build components toward the next item.This is basically the support dynamic right now from what Ive seen in my games.  Youre the teams bitch.  Ward here.  Sweep there.  Get the fuck out of my wave youre soaking exp.  If I get caught and die, its the supports fault they didnt stick with me and protect me.  If theres not enough vision, its the supports fault.  You need to buy more wards.  Oh sorry I cant get any even though I literally have twice as much gold as you because I need to be even more greedy for farm and a Long Sword/Cloth Armor is taking up my last inventory spot.  But youre not allowed to buy your last item because you need to keep a slot open for wards.  Blah blah blah you know the drill.  I cant take it anymore.  Its unbelievably infuriating and not fun in any way.And just to clarify, when I play support, I never intentionally steal minions in laning phase where the ADC is most vulnerable.  I never intentionally feed or troll.  And when I play a non-support role, I dont care if a support wants to take a couple minions for themselves.  Because I know how hard it is for them.This is a 5v5 game.  Not a 4v4 with 1 extra person that nobody really cares about.  There are 5 people on a team.  And all 5 people on the team should have the opportunity to have fun regardless of the state of the game or game balance.  If Im not allowed to have fun as a support, whether I willingly selected the role or was forced into it, I might as well just not play the game.What do you think?	leagueoflegends	1532164567
My opinion and frustrations regarding the support position I really want to have a discussion about my stance on the support position and my issues with playing support.  I've been holding this shit in for nearly 3 seasons and it's come to the point that I seriously cannot keep it to myself anymore so I have to make my points.  Do keep in mind that this is extremely opinionated, and most likely an unpopular opinion at that.  That being said, I dont care if you tell me Im wrong or stupid (I wont take it personally), as long as you have logical arguments to back it up.To preface, I am a top/mid main, playing mostly split pushers, who only plays support when absolutely forced to.  When I do, I usually play mage supports or engage tank supports.  Dont get me wrong, support is not underpowered right now.  In fact, I still think it is way too strong.  I just dislike playing support because it's not fun for me to have to deal with how other people treat support players.  This is not really a discussion about game balance, this is more about gameplay experience and how the general playerbase's attitude toward support makes it anti-fun for the support player in my eyes.My question is this: Why am I the only person on the team that gets abused for wanting to get even the slightest bit of gold, but its okay and universally accepted for everyone else?When junglers gank a lane and tax farm, it's perfectly okay, even encouraged.  When laning phase ends and people start roaming around and farming the map freely, nobody cares.  If a wave is about to crash into a tower and there are no objectives up, anybody is allowed to go farm that wave.  Well, almost anybody.  But *god forbid* that I, as a support, tax even 2 minions from a wave to help pay for wards and support item components?  Everyone is instantly up in flames.What's more infuriating on top of that is that the people who flame me for taking only a couple minions per wave/set of waves are the same people who don't let me get any gold.  People power clear minions so I can't proc my Relic stacks.  When I request for people to wait to clear the wave so I can get Coin drops, nobody listens.  When I want people to make space for me to poke a little or hard push a wave into their tower so I can get off all my Spellthief procs while not committing to an all-in teamfight, nobody cares and everyone does their own thing.  When I'm 200, 300 gold to finishing an item (Censer, Zeke, Abyssal, Archangel, Rylai, etc.) and another person is heading toward a wave, nope, I can't have it.  It has to go to the other person, no matter how much they need the gold.  Half the ADCs I see tell the support to back off a tower to give the carry solo gold as it is destroyed, even though the support put in just as much effort, if not more, in getting the tower.  In all my years of playing League since season 2 (well season 2 doesnt really count since there were no real support items back then), this attitude of greed and selfishness has not changed.  Its a catch-22 where the support loses no matter what choice they take.Ultimately, the issue I have with playing support is this: Why do people flame the support for every minion or jungle monster they take?  At the same time, why is it so common for people to intentionally deny supports their only way of getting money?Completely starving one person on the team like this leads to a gold distribution issue.  Yes, I am fully aware that games dont go that long.  But if the game does end up going that long, one or two people are going to be nearing full build while the support is probably stuck at like 2 items.  This creates a discrepancy where at a certain point, the support doesnt have any way to get money anymore, because the people killing minions the fastest are the ones with the most gold, and the main sources of gold are going to the people who are closest to full build, aka the ones that need it the least.  I would like to remind people that just because a champion is arbitrarily assigned to the support role does not mean that they can literally go the entire game without gold.  Some supports like Brand, Zyra, Soraka, Sona, Leona, and Blitzcrank actually do scale decently with gold.  500 gold may not mean much to a champion with 4 items, but it matters a lot for someone who is at 2 items and can build components toward the next item.This is basically the support dynamic right now from what Ive seen in my games.  Youre the teams bitch.  Ward here.  Sweep there.  Get the fuck out of my wave youre soaking exp.  If I get caught and die, its the supports fault they didnt stick with me and protect me.  If theres not enough vision, its the supports fault.  You need to buy more wards.  Oh sorry I cant get any even though I literally have twice as much gold as you because I need to be even more greedy for farm and a Long Sword/Cloth Armor is taking up my last inventory spot.  But youre not allowed to buy your last item because you need to keep a slot open for wards.  Blah blah blah you know the drill.  I cant take it anymore.  Its unbelievably infuriating and not fun in any way.And just to clarify, when I play support, I never intentionally steal minions in laning phase where the ADC is most vulnerable.  I never intentionally feed or troll.  And when I play a non-support role, I dont care if a support wants to take a couple minions for themselves.  Because I know how hard it is for them.This is a 5v5 game.  Not a 4v4 with 1 extra person that nobody really cares about.  There are 5 people on a team.  And all 5 people on the team should have the opportunity to have fun regardless of the state of the game or game balance.  If Im not allowed to have fun as a support, whether I willingly selected the role or was forced into it, I might as well just not play the game.What do you think?	supportlol	1532164599
My opinion and frustrations regarding the support position I really want to have a discussion about my stance on the support position and my issues with playing support.  I've been holding this shit in for nearly 3 seasons and it's come to the point that I seriously cannot keep it to myself anymore so I have to make my points.  Do keep in mind that this is extremely opinionated, and most likely an unpopular opinion at that.  That being said, I dont care if you tell me Im wrong or stupid (I wont take it personally), as long as you have logical arguments to back it up.To preface, I am a top/mid main, playing mostly split pushers, who only plays support when absolutely forced to.  When I do, I usually play mage supports or engage tank supports.  Dont get me wrong, support is not underpowered right now.  In fact, I still think it is way too strong.  I just dislike playing support because it's not fun for me to have to deal with how other people treat support players.  This is not really a discussion about game balance, this is more about gameplay experience and how the general playerbase's attitude toward support makes it anti-fun for the support player in my eyes.My question is this: Why am I the only person on the team that gets abused for wanting to get even the slightest bit of gold, but its okay and universally accepted for everyone else?When junglers gank a lane and tax farm, it's perfectly okay, even encouraged.  When laning phase ends and people start roaming around and farming the map freely, nobody cares.  If a wave is about to crash into a tower and there are no objectives up, anybody is allowed to go farm that wave.  Well, almost anybody.  But *god forbid* that I, as a support, tax even 2 minions from a wave to help pay for wards and support item components?  Everyone is instantly up in flames.What's more infuriating on top of that is that the people who flame me for taking only a couple minions per wave/set of waves are the same people who don't let me get any gold.  People power clear minions so I can't proc my Relic stacks.  When I request for people to wait to clear the wave so I can get Coin drops, nobody listens.  When I want people to make space for me to poke a little or hard push a wave into their tower so I can get off all my Spellthief procs while not committing to an all-in teamfight, nobody cares and everyone does their own thing.  When I'm 200, 300 gold to finishing an item (Censer, Zeke, Abyssal, Archangel, Rylai, etc.) and another person is heading toward a wave, nope, I can't have it.  It has to go to the other person, no matter how much they need the gold.  Half the ADCs I see tell the support to back off a tower to give the carry solo gold as it is destroyed, even though the support put in just as much effort, if not more, in getting the tower.  In all my years of playing League since season 2 (well season 2 doesnt really count since there were no real support items back then), this attitude of greed and selfishness has not changed.  Its a catch-22 where the support loses no matter what choice they take.Ultimately, the issue I have with playing support is this: Why do people flame the support for every minion or jungle monster they take?  At the same time, why is it so common for people to intentionally deny supports their only way of getting money?Completely starving one person on the team like this leads to a gold distribution issue.  Yes, I am fully aware that games dont go that long.  But if the game does end up going that long, one or two people are going to be nearing full build while the support is probably stuck at like 2 items.  This creates a discrepancy where at a certain point, the support doesnt have any way to get money anymore, because the people killing minions the fastest are the ones with the most gold, and the main sources of gold are going to the people who are closest to full build, aka the ones that need it the least.  I would like to remind people that just because a champion is arbitrarily assigned to the support role does not mean that they can literally go the entire game without gold.  Some supports like Brand, Zyra, Soraka, Sona, Leona, and Blitzcrank actually do scale decently with gold.  500 gold may not mean much to a champion with 4 items, but it matters a lot for someone who is at 2 items and can build components toward the next item, while still having enough space for wards.This is basically the support dynamic right now from what Ive seen in my games.  Youre the teams bitch.  Ward here.  Sweep there.  Get the fuck out of my wave youre soaking exp.  If I get caught and die, its the supports fault they didnt stick with me and protect me.  If theres not enough vision, its the supports fault.  You need to buy more wards.  Oh sorry I cant get any even though I literally have twice as much gold as you because I need to be even more greedy for farm and a Long Sword/Cloth Armor is taking up my last inventory spot.  But youre not allowed to buy your last item because you need to keep a slot open for wards.  Blah blah blah you know the drill.  I cant take it anymore.  Its unbelievably infuriating and not fun in any way.And just to clarify, when I play support, I never intentionally steal minions in laning phase where the ADC is most vulnerable.  I never intentionally feed or troll.  And when I play a non-support role, I dont care if a support wants to take a couple minions for themselves.  Because I know how hard it is for them.This is a 5v5 game.  Not a 4v4 with 1 extra person that nobody really cares about.  There are 5 people on a team.  And all 5 people on the team should have the opportunity to have fun regardless of the state of the game or game balance.  If Im not allowed to have fun as a support, whether I willingly selected the role or was forced into it, I might as well just not play the game.What do you think?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1532164771
Suggestion: QoL buffs for Relic stacks I have a long document with a lot of my frustrations about playing support, but that's for a different thread.One of the most infuriating things while playing support is not being able to proc your Relic stacks because your teammates kill them too fast.  This is a widespread issue that has been around for years, ever since the release of the item.  I have 2 suggestions to fix this issue.1. I know that melee autoattacks that would proc Relic have 150 bonus range and 30% bonus AS.  In my opinion, this is not even close to enough.  I think it should be buffed to 100% AS so that supports can actually fight ADCs for gold.2. Make Relic stacks work the same way as Pyke's current ult.  If someone else kills a minion while you are in your autoattack animation, you still get the gold and consume the relic stack, no matter what its previous HP was.  This would let Relic users be able to get minions from a wave when mages are nuking them from full HP.  Since Pyke's ult works as is, I know that the technology is there.These buffs are really just QoL fixes.  They don't make melee supports any more overpowered than they are now.  All they will do is make Relic feel not as shit to use.	leagueoflegends	1532210672
The problem with the damage creep is in the runes I played a couple top lane games yesterday and I realized why there is such a huge problem in damage creep.  I think its in the runes.  Why are there 3 trees dedicated to damage but only 1 tree dedicated to survivability?  A decent amount of Resolve runes are damage as well.  Inspiration is like half-half so its more like 3.75 to 1.25.  If they added some small survivability runes (scaling off your damage, like Spear of Shojin passive) to damage trees and small damage runes (scaling off your survivability, like Grasp) to survivability trees, I think there would be a better balance.  I really dont want to be forced into Resolve tree to get any survivability at all.	leagueoflegends	1533941295
Is the Dragon Pickaxe worth it? Does it make a significant enough difference to warrant the price tag?  How long does it take to make the money back on it?  I'm planning on doing all my mining at Motherlode Mine.  I'm not super high level in anything, around mid 50 for everything, although I have 60 attack to wield the pick and 60 mining so I'm pretty close to being able to use it.	2007scape	1536349065
Can't fill coal bag from bank Why can't I fill my coal bag from the bank interface?  I saw that I can do this with runecrafting pouches, is this a bug or something they missed with this patch?	2007scape	1538112018
Why does everyone have different opinions on when to start slayer? Its really annoying combing through all the conflicting answers when someone asks when to start slayer.  Some people say level 3, some say 85, others say 40.  I personally started at around 50 when I got rune armor and wanted to get some of the quests and achievement diaries with slayer requirements out of the way, but a lot of people seem to disagree.  Is the choice of when to start slayer training ultimately up to personal opinion and preference?	2007scape	1538527168
Is gunner F2 getting fixed anytime soon? Im really tired of getting continually kicked from parties that I meet the requirement for, even when I set my gear as my F2 (1118 HM11 R9 BT8 Igneous/Ignitor AransuBadge).  This is really starting to get frustrating because its taking me forever to find parties for all the dungeons above HH, especially SST RT, even though Im perfectly qualified to do them.	bladeandsoul	1539494105
Did they actually change the amount of legendary jewels required to upgrade? The Google sheet said it would be 15/25/60 but it still shows RNG amount for me.	bladeandsoul	1539799093
Is gunner f2 fixed? Title	bladeandsoul	1539805038
New gem slots Question for those that played on other regions or have seen their patch notes: are the 7th and 8th gem slots obtainable by upgrading or is it hammer only?	bladeandsoul	1540108318
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1540450210
Something I realized about this event and exp farming I just realized this when farming mobs in Zaiwei Ruins. If you're HM12 and below (new player or alt) and want to get experience charms, killing Subjugators (3.8m) and Warlocks (5.6m) is actually faster than farming Celestial Basin since they made every mob guaranteed to drop 1 Thriller Coin. Eminence Charms cost 15 tokens or 3,000 peaches, so 1 token is effectively equal to 200 peaches. If you can do 4m damage faster than you can get 200 peaches, then Zaiwei Ruins gives you more experience charms per hour.(I'm assuming that the mobs in ZR have the same evasion and crit defense as the ones in CB, as they're trash mobs and hence shouldn't have the stats of bosses, right...?)	bladeandsoul	1540451295
Why are Starstone Gloves so rare? Ive done a run of SSM every day since the day I hit 55 a month and a half ago.  And in all this time Ive only seen 2 Starstone Gloves, both of which went up to 50g.  This seems a little ridiculous for a purple accessory that you need for breakthrough.  All other dungeon accessories (Rootwell Bracelet, Numok Bracelet, Amara Ring, Rukesh Earring) are decently common.  Did NCSoft nerf the drop rate of Starstone Gloves?  Why does this item have such a rare drop rate?  Is it rigged?  Its really starting to get frustrating since Im forever stuck with Hollows Gloves at this point.	bladeandsoul	1540809177
Is the achievement for NS ITF EL retroactive? For example, if we have 50 normal mode clears of those dungeons, does it transfer over retroactively and we automatically get the achievement (and AP attribute) once they're consolidated?	bladeandsoul	1541548088
Why is Berserker Ring so expensive all of a sudden? Title.  It went up almost 1m (about 33%) with 0 patches or content updates.  The moment I get enough money to afford one the price goes up for no reason at all.  This is honestly really frustrating.  Has this trend happened in the past?  If so, about how much time does it take to go back down to around 3.1m?	2007scape	1541582220
Is it normal to get kicked for not having BW? I made a warlock alt about a week and a half ago (HM10 1116 AP), and I noticed something strange.  I was randomly getting kicked from a few no-req parties and parties that I met the requirement for.  A couple party leaders expressed their displeasure at noticing I dont have VT badge before kicking me.  I actually ran into this issue not just one time, but several times, and it has left me extremely confused.  Has this happened to any other warlock/warden players?  Is it...normal to get kicked for not having Blackwing?  My gunner never ran into this issue, even when I had my gear as my F2 picture and took off my soul shields.	bladeandsoul	1542461035
When did VT badge become account bound in KR? Does anyone know exactly when and which patch/content release in KR did VT badge mat become account bound?  If so, where are we relative to that (as in how many patches between that and this current patch)?  I picked up a SK badge for my warlock but can't get it transferred for some reason.	bladeandsoul	1542494982
Can we exchange soul and mystic badges with awakening patch? Question goes for both fused and unfused soul badges	bladeandsoul	1544035002
PSA: the bonus rewards are different from the ones in the patch preview. Example: the patch preview showed 6 Tranquility Emblems under the 100 keys bonus reward, but all I see here is Hongmoon XP charms, Blackstones, and Silver Scales.I put in a ticket just to be safe so Id advise against selecting a reward if its not the one you want.	bladeandsoul	1544043463
The trove bonus rewards are different from the ones in the patch preview. Example: the patch preview showed 6 Tranquility Emblems under the 100 keys bonus reward, but all I see here is Hongmoon XP charms, Blackstones, and Silver Scales.I put in a ticket just to be safe so Id advise against selecting a reward if its not the one you want.	bladeandsoul	1544043592
Please use your buffs in Tower of Memory I don't care whether you use the gun or not, but if you're a warlock/warden/assassin/kung fu master, please at the very least use your party buffs so that the people DPSing can use the buff.  It's really frustrating when people hold on to their buffs and never use it the entire run and then complain about how I'm not using the gun when literally both my main and my alt outdamage it.	bladeandsoul	1544655541
Blast furnace xp/gp rates Anyone know the updated xp and gp rates of blast furnace?  Wiki is giving me conflicting results.  I can't decide whether to do iron, steel, mithril, or (when i get there) adamant.	2007scape	1544869278
Is VT badge drop rate significantly lower than the necklace drop rate? And if so, how much lower?  Im fairly sure this is the case because this is a trend Ive been seeing in both of my VTs (we get a lot more necklaces that nobody cares about and none of us get badges which we need).  My warlock alt is on 11 weeks of not seeing SK badge and its really starting to get frustrating.	bladeandsoul	1546799267
Is Konar worth it? Is it worth it to use the new slayer master?  I noticed that she specifies which areas you have to slay in, so if you get a dagannoth task in Catacombs or dust devil task in Smoke Dungeon you're completely screwed and have to skip it, even though it would normally be a good task because you can cannon/burst.  I feel like this is extremely taxing on slayer points.  I'm currently at 95 combat and 74 slayer, is it worth it to use Konar over Nieve/Duradel at lower slayer levels when you don't have gargoyles/nechrayels/abyssal demons yet unlocked yet?	2007scape	1547160213
no text for post found	bladeandsoul	1547901227
Any announcement about vt badge or gc wings/steel becoming account bound? Title	bladeandsoul	1551492771
Did NCSoft say anything about fixing the expired MSP chests yet? Why are the chests that turtle 4-6 drops still expired? I'm assuming means they don't have the updated evo stone/garnet rates, right?	bladeandsoul	1558325640
Will they ever make Subjugator Bracelet and Starfire Gloves not require breakthrough? I know they're not PvE accessories, but I feel like these items are super old, considering they're Yeoharan/Hong era gear, no...?	bladeandsoul	1559460460
Will they ever make Subjugator Bracelet and Starfire Gloves not require breakthrough from unrefined? I know they're not PvE accessories, but I feel like these items are super old, considering they're Yeoharan/Hong era gear, no...?	bladeandsoul	1559460494
Anyone know how much true cosmic/true tiger will cost? Going off of what the current price is now, I'm assuming it should be about slightly over half the price to make it, and then the price of the sealing charms, right?	bladeandsoul	1559773956
To 3rd spec BMs using macro PSA to spectral (3rd spec) BMs using macro pls disable take flight tyIt is very annoying when people chain air the boss, seen this 4 times in the past 2 daysAnd for those that don't know the macro is TFR and use V4X off cdSimilar thing might apply to KFMs although I don't know what their aerial button or rotation macro is but disable aerial too pls	bladeandsoul	1561058873
Questions about PCS Global Tech/CCS Global Tech Does anyone have experience with this recruiting/training company?  I noticed that there are a bunch of good reviews but also a bunch of bad ones stating that they have employees fake good reviews or they pay people to write good reviews for them.  Is the pay rate that they give you during the training and during the project good?  All in all, is this worth it to commit to as someone with a bachelor's in applied math and master's in analytics looking to work as a data analyst or software engineer?	cscareerquestions	1566493597
How do you complete Zana mission now? I logged in today and my atlas is all screwed up.  My Shaper and Elder influence is gone. Does that mean I can just never complete my Zana mission?	pathofexile	1575949881
Is the new ARAM pool live? Just played a ARAM game on my smurf and I wasn't able to grab a champ that's supposedly to be always free to play now	ARAM	1585790938
Is the new ARAM pool live? Just played a ARAM game on my smurf (NA) and I wasn't able to grab from the bench a champ that's supposedly always free to play now	leagueoflegends	1585817078
Stacking runes in practice tool doesn't stack Practice of Mind As the title says, clicking "fully stack runes" when in practice tool stacks Manaflow Band/Legend/Hunter runes, but not Presence of Mind (gives you 0 mana when it should give you 500).  Just seemed like a small oversight that people/Riot should probably be aware of.	leagueoflegends	1587186021
Recommendations for upgrades Returning player, does anyone have recommendations on what I should upgrade next?  This is what I currently have so far:Weapon: dsword, whip, lbba, obsidian; msbi, rcb, blowpipe; smoke, iban, trident, toxtrident, sotdOffhand: ddef; book of law; book of darknessHelm: neitznot, verac, obsidian; goddhide coif, farseer helm, imbued slayer helmNeck: fury, obsidian; anguish; occult; salveeiBody: obsidian, dragon chain; goddhide; ahrimLegs: obsidian/torag/verac, goddhide; ahrimGloves: barrowsBoots: dragon; goddhide; brimstone; devoutRing: zerker; N/A; seer; sufferingCape: fire; accumulator; imbued god&amp;nbsp;All quests done except ds2 and elvesPotential upgrades: dfs, zhasta, dcb, tbuck, archer ring, finish ds2 for assembler	2007scape	1587425224
Question about group bossing I'm a little confused on how bosses work with different group sizes. For DKs and GWD, is it more, less, or same money to duo it as opposed to trio it? I am aware that duoing it means that you only have to split between 2 people, but in a trio, the boss should technically die 1.5x faster and hence each person only uses 2/3 the supplies per kill, meaning that we should be able to get 1.5x the kills per trip and also more kills per hour right? How does the logic work here?	2007scape	1591911746
Question about group bossing I'm a little confused on how bosses work with different group sizes. For DKs and GWD, is it more, less, or same money to duo it as opposed to trio it? I am aware that duoing it means that you only have to split between 2 people, but in a trio, the boss should technically die 1.5x faster and hence each person only uses 2/3 the supplies per kill, meaning that we should be able to get 1.5x the kills per trip and also more kills per hour right? How does the logic work here?	oldschoolrs	1591911789
Is daeyalt essence better used at lavas or ZMI? I got a bunch of daeyalt essence from afk mining it on mobile when I was out.  If I already have the essence should I use it on lavas or ZMI?	oldschoolrs	1591911881
Efficiency of BCP vs Torso at Vorkath Is BCP mandatory for melee Vorkath or is Torso okay? I'm asking because I thought BCP was one of the last upgrades you get and Faceguard/Prims/Tassets tend to be better, but someone else told me that BCP should actually be your first priority upgrade after DHL. I'm a little confused because aren't technically Torso and BCP the same damage?  I'm running Verac legs to compensate for the lack of defense.  Neither Wiki nor Gear Discord clarify this point and I didn't find anything in a Google/Reddit search.	2007scape	1592630734
Efficiency of BCP vs Torso at Vorkath Is BCP mandatory for melee Vorkath or is Torso okay? I'm asking because I thought BCP was one of the last upgrades you get and Faceguard/Prims/Tassets tend to be better, but someone else told me that BCP should actually be your first priority upgrade after DHL. I'm a little confused because aren't technically Torso and BCP the same damage?  I'm running Verac legs to compensate for the lack of defense.  Neither Wiki nor Gear Discord clarify this point and I didn't find anything in a Google/Reddit search.	oldschoolrs	1592630743
[Suggestion] Make ornamented zenytes/godswords not count toward the 3 most valuable items kept on death Title.  It completely defeats the purpose of ornament kits when items like BCP and Faceguard and Justicar armor are lost on death while ornamented zenytes and godswords are kept over them despite being already untradeable and hence kept no matter what else you have.  You should keep your 3 most valuable tradeable/pseudo-tradeable items (items like Blowpipe/Trident/Feros/Faceguard would go under this category, as it is now) and then keep all items with clue scroll ornament kits on them on top of that.	2007scape	1593561455
Make ornamented zenytes/godswords not count toward the 3 most valuable items kept on death Title. It completely defeats the purpose of ornament kits when items like BCP and Faceguard and Justicar armor are lost on death while ornamented zenytes and godswords are kept over them despite being already untradeable and hence kept no matter what else you have. You should keep your 3 most valuable tradeable/pseudo-tradeable items (items like Blowpipe/Trident/Feros/Faceguard would go under this category, as it is now) and then keep all items with clue scroll ornament kits on them on top of that.	oldschoolrs	1593561522
Question about melee Vorkath gear Is the second BIS melee chestplate at Vorkath Torso or Torag?  If it can be either, when do you use each one?  There seems to be disagreement among the community as to what the downgrade for BCP should be, which is not as clear-cut as most other gear slots.  For example, Avernic/Faceguard/Tassets/Feros/Prims/Torture (for other melee bosses) all have obvious linear downgrades, as does almost every slot in the Zulrah setup.	oldschoolrs	1593760886
Question about melee Vorkath gear Is the second BIS melee chestplate at Vorkath Torso or Torag?  If it can be either, when do you use each one?  There seems to be disagreement among the community as to what the downgrade for BCP should be, which is not as clear-cut as most other gear slots.  For example, Avernic/Faceguard/Tassets/Feros/Prims/Torture (for other melee bosses) all have obvious linear downgrades, as does almost every slot in the Zulrah setup.	2007scape	1593760908
no text for post found	slaycringe	1595811919
Uses of spectral spirit shield Is it worth getting a Spectral only for Cerb?  Is there anywhere else it's good?	2007scape	1599289846
Uses of spectral spirit shield Is it worth getting a Spectral only for Cerb?  Is there anywhere else it's good?	oldschoolrs	1599289898
Zulrah vs Vorkath during rebuild Is Zulrah with Tbow more profit than max melee Vorkath?  If so then I probably wont have qualms selling all my melee gear.  If not though I would prefer to keep some of my Vorkath gear in my rebuild...	2007scape	1601538078
Zulrah vs Vorkath during rebuild Is Zulrah with Tbow more profit than max melee Vorkath?  If so then I probably wont have qualms selling all my melee gear.  If not though I would prefer to keep some of my Vorkath gear in my rebuild...	oldschoolrs	1601538108
Fire cape vs mythical cape at vyres Is fire cape or mythical cape better at vyrewatch sentinels? DPS calc doesnt have blisterwood flail	2007scape	1601749619
Fire cape vs mythical cape at vyres Is fire cape or mythical cape better at vyrewatch sentinels? DPS calc doesnt have blisterwood flail	oldschoolrs	1601749649
When to stop prayer training? Do you usually train prayer up to a ppot breakpoint or wrench breakpoint? Got 80 for dragonbone necklace but debating to go 82/84/86/88/89 or something	2007scape	1604694081
When to stop prayer training? Do you usually train prayer up to a ppot breakpoint or wrench breakpoint? Got 80 for dragonbone necklace but debating to go 82/84/86/88/89 or something	oldschoolrs	1604694119
101,643	counting	1386903260
101,710	counting	1386903879
If they did this, people would start complaining about every single reactivation ability like Kalista E, Lee Sin E, Karma W, LeBlanc E, Nocturne E, Thresh Q, etc.	leagueoflegends	1448852724
Mundo and Singed are pretty fun.  Become super tanky, run around spamming laugh, never die	leagueoflegends	1448853347
Power farm until level 6 and keep an eye out for any overextended enemy laners that you can gank anyway.  Having CC on your laners helps too.  If the enemy jungler shows on one side of the map and your team is in a safe position, counterjungling is an option as well.	summonerschool	1448854202
Former Katarina main here.  She's good in only some very specific situations when your team works with you nearly perfectly and the enemy team comp has few or no counters.  Her laning phase is still pretty bad, probably even worse than before, and the tradeoff isn't much better, as her mid and late game aren't amazing either and she's not too hard to shut down even when ahead.  Usually enemies have way too much hard CC and/or tankiness for you to do anything, and you become completely useless if you can't go in and get a guaranteed kill.	summonerschool	1448854626
That's not always bad lol, when my team is winning as support Brand, Zyra, Annie, or Sona I usually do the most or 2nd most damage on my team	leagueoflegends	1448915920
I keep calm by just taking things into my own hands, forgetting my team, building full damage, and carrying their feeding asses lol	leagueoflegends	1448926492
Okay maybe Rammus is an exception...his AD scales with armor though, so I guess that kinda counts?  Malphite (armor) and Braum (health) could go under this category too.Liandry's or Titanic on Mundo isn't all that bad.	leagueoflegends	1448927025
Hmm, good point.  I never really thought of it in terms of item slots before.  This might change the way I view drafting in champion select.  Thanks for the input.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1448928743
Hmm, good point.  The champions I mainly had in mind were the tank supports (Braum, Leona, Tahm) and the traditional full tank tops/junglers (Mundo, Gragas, Malphite, Maokai, Rammus, Shen).	leagueoflegends	1448928934
But an item like Liandry or Titanic would be fine as a 6th item, right?  Once you've established yourself to be tanky enough if the game even gets there?	summonerschool	1448929110
Assuming you don't get reliable access to blue buff, you usually need 20% CDR from runes to reach the cap as a mid laner, unless you get both Athene's/Morellonomicon and Lucidity boots/Lich Bane.  Buying more than 30% CDR in items usually gimps your damage because so much of your gold is going into CDR and not AP.  As a result, it's much easier to itemize effectively for CDR than it is for AP, so it's usually better to get the CDR in runes and then get an extra big AP item like Luden's or Zhonya's.  Some mages don't even really have space for the 20% CDR items because their other items are too important (Fizz, tear Anivia, RoA Malzahar), so a little CDR is still better than nothing.	summonerschool	1448930204
the salt is strong in this one	leagueoflegends	1448945697
This is one of the worst ideas I have ever seen.	leagueoflegends	1448945735
Never.  Every ranked game is like a poker hand at every single elo.	summonerschool	1448956590
Impending/Decisive + Valor/Bloodlust if you don't want to use a rune	Vindictus	1449026243
Weapon: Infinity TS if you're willing to spend seals, Nighthawk TS/chains if cheapArmor: Imperial Guard helm/chest/pants + Apocryphal gloves/bootsOr alternately wait until 80 and use seals to craft	Vindictus	1449026403
Soloing it as someone without a counterattack is a little bit harder IMO (a bit biased, since I main Vella).  Use your transformation to clear the dogs and stim if they keep attacking you to help tank a couple hits.	Vindictus	1449026772
Weapon: Nighthawk CestusArmor: Nighthawk Heavy helm/chest/pants + Apocryphal gloves/bootsOr alternately wait until 80 and use seals to craft	Vindictus	1449027171
I got a response from them.  Unfortunately it's not possible I guess.	leagueoflegends	1449055946
I got a response from them.  Unfortunately it's not possible I guess.	leagueoflegends	1449055949
Borderline broken support.  Her zone control is absolutely ridiculous and makes it impossible for the enemy adc to farm.  She can easily zone out the enemy bot lane 1v2 leaving your adc to free farm.  She's also incredibly strong in teamfights; the enemy can never engage on you if you have tentacles in the area.	leagueoflegends	1449097917
Shift queueing commands would essentially make everyone script combos and remove the entire point of mechanics.  It's not a game like StarCraft where you have to actually micromanage a large number of units, so shift queueing commands matters a lot more in that aspect.	leagueoflegends	1449103682
Yeah Reality Warp is in Pokemon Zeta/Omicron and Insurgence as Speed Swap, it's pretty strong.	pokemon	1449114917
Akali, Master Yi, Katarina, any reset assassin really.  Either they stomp everyone with nearly no counterplay or they are completely useless.Or champions with a single ability that can turn a game around, like Blitzcrank.	leagueoflegends	1449116686
Diamond 1 Khazix - NA	leagueoflegends	1449183817
Now that BotRK is nerfed, would Hydra work on him?  The active gives you more damage on the ult too	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1449268973
Veigar?  Since all he does is farm for the first 20 minutes anyway	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1449269024
To follow up on the other comment, Anivia's ult cast range (distance from her to center of storm circle) is actually really small, so most of the time it's super predictable.  Usually they just walk up to you if you're melee/low range, so just be wary of that and back off.	summonerschool	1449270019
Illaoi isn't even that OP.  She's broken if the enemy engages on her, but she doesn't have any CC and can't do anything to help or peel if her team dives.	leagueoflegends	1449319632
ZZ'Rot is best used when you're ahead to solidify your pushing since they won't be able to kill the portal easily (if they try too hard to kill it you just ult them and win the fight).  If you fall behind, it's not going to do anything for you except feed them gold and make you squishy by means of having no health.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1449398657
Titanic or Rageblade &gt; Shiv, crit does nothing for you	summonerschool	1449399278
Oops, I probably should've mentioned that.  NA closed beta.	bladeandsoul	1449709480
I don't think nerfing the mana regen would screw over AP supports.  After all, the AP mid items (cup, morello) only have 100%.  Why does this support item have so much mana regen tacked onto it for no reason?	leagueoflegends	1449794899
Yeah, I thought something was funny when my cursor started turning into weird mouse icons...it's really distracting tbh	leagueoflegends	1449794996
That's half an Abyssal...gold-wise that's not that bad.  Also remember that it's magic resist reduction, so 5 people benefit from it, not 1 (effectively increasing its value 5x).  Champs like Talon, Zyra, and Renekton have it much worse.	leagueoflegends	1449795309
Yeah, I thought something was funny when my cursor started turning into weird mouse icons...it's really distracting tbh	leagueoflegends	1449796017
I think the entire store is down.  I can't access a single tab in there.	leagueoflegends	1450071843
Because there would be no counterplay to it.  Being able to enter stasis to dodge key abilities like Karthus ult or Malphite ult and then instantly cancelling it and moving away would be broken beyond belief.	leagueoflegends	1450072169
It's not too bad.  You finish your support and sightstone items early, so you can move on to the more important tank items like Locket or Randuin's.  You also don't miss out on the other actives like you do when you get the other 2 Eye items.  I think it's more personal preference.	summonerschool	1450072337
AP Yi and AP Xin aren't really cheese anymore lol, it's pretty much the standard build nowadays.	summonerschool	1450072381
On the grand scale of things, it's pretty cheap, and it solves all the sustain problems you will ever have.  It allows weak junglers or junglers who get invaded/set behind early to keep up in clear speed.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1450072899
It's too situational to be able to do that much damage in such a short time, counting everything including base stats, resists, heals, shields, and teammates.  It's just not reliable enough.  If you can do that much damage, you might as well take Thunderlord's instead for more reliability.	leagueoflegends	1450073085
For Into the Void, an alternate strategy I used was to mass carriers, get them to 3/3/3, and then fly them around the outside of the map.  Use Time Stop at the big pack of defenses at the corners and then all-in Narud.	starcraft	1450105048
Welp, guess GP is still gonna be broken next patch	leagueoflegends	1450242767
His early game is by far the worst out of all the commanders.  You need your buddy to basically 1v2 through the first 10 minutes of the game lol.  But once he gets going and with full upgrades he looks incredibly strong, maybe even rivaling Vorazun level.	starcraft	1450250585
His early game is by far the worst out of all the commanders. You need your buddy to basically 1v2 through the first 10 minutes of the game lol. But once he gets going and with full upgrades he looks incredibly strong, maybe even rivaling Vorazun level.	starcraft	1450251215
I'm surprised you didn't mention GP when talking about ban priority.  He beats every melee laner, does ridiculous damage even when behind, and got better itemization in season 6.  He's still pretty much a must-ban right now.	summonerschool	1450300151
Why can't you get both?  Just get LDR and Executioner's (without upgrading it).  800 gold is not that expensive, and you get the exact same passive.	summonerschool	1450300753
This is not an outplay lol, you just pressed 2 buttons on a bad Xin.  Anyone can do this easily.	leagueoflegends	1450447676
Not even, he's kited so easily and games don't last long enough for him to get enough stacks to kill anyone in teamfights.  Nasus is so easy to deal with if you have half a brain.	leagueoflegends	1450447730
You feel stronger building health early because it's better to build health early than pure armor/MR, it has nothing to do with cost efficiency or season changes	summonerschool	1450448019
I don't understand how he thought it was okay to simply take other people's stuff without asking and using the "you should've hidden it" excuse tbh.  This kind of stuff pisses me off to no end.	pettyrevenge	1450554885
I don't understand why this is posted, is this supposed to be impressive?  This is very standard Karax play, overall mediocre at best.  You were also really slow on your upgrades ~~(didn't even get the repair drones)~~ and didn't use your early income optimally (could've helped more with other shards with cannons).edit: not obtained until level 14	starcraft	1450571430
General: Cannon rush into carriers is the most common build.  Some people use Energizers as support, but they're really gas heavy.  Get the solar forge upgrades as soon as possible and use Chrono Surge when you're setting up your expansion or researching several upgrades (solar forge + forge + 2 cyber core) at the same time.Offensive missions (Rifts to Korhal, Void Thrashing, Lock and Load): The only damage you need for the first 10 minutes are cannons.  2 cannons to defend against first 2 waves, 2 cannons to break your rocks, and a couple cannons + Spear of Adun to help your ally push.  Your carriers should be ready by the last 2 sets of void shards/void thrashers/celestial locks.  For Lock and Load, use a probe to capture the locks and build some cannons, monoliths, and shield batteries at each to repel attack waves.Defensive missions (Void Launch, Oblivion Express, Temple of the Past): Mass cannons, monoliths, and shield batteries near each warp conduit/train track/temple entrance.  For Temple of the Past, leave a small opening in your cannon line because you will probably need your ally to kill the thrashers on your side for you.  Structure upgrades from the forge are 2nd priority in these missions, more important than the shields or weapon/armor upgrades.	starcraft	1450573582
ITT: people who have no idea how christianity works	funny	1450644412
I like using them in ARAM but my friends don't seem to think the same way :s	leagueoflegends	1450644551
It would make hard engage champions and team comps too strong, most notably tanks.  They get a free low cd long range gap closer when they're balanced around not having one (Galio, Riven, Alistar, Amumu, Illaoi, etc. would be permaban).  Poke champions would be completely dead.	leagueoflegends	1450654060
I think it's based on a combination of KDA, CS, gold, and stats (damage dealt/taken) compared to other performances of the same champion and role (Annie mid is compared to other Annie mid players, Annie support is compared to other Annie support players, etc.)	leagueoflegends	1450894484
She's not OP in the broken sense but she's strong	leagueoflegends	1450894615
Most items are situational.  For poke mages, Athene's/Morello are good for first items.  Zhonya's if you're against AD assassin mid or they're all AD.  Abyssal if you're getting shat on by enemy AP mid and they have double/triple AP.  Liandry's if you have innate CC in your kit.  Void Staff if they have Aegis or several people building MR.  Luden's/Deathcap if you're bored and have nothing else to buy.For Vel'Koz specifically, Liandry's is better than Deathcap as a second item because he scales much better with magic pen than he does with AP due to having relatively high base damage and low ratios.  He also has 3 CC's built into his kit, which increases the damage of the Liandry's burn and makes it more effective on him./r/leagueoflegendsmeta and /r/summonerschool will probably be able to give you more insight about this topic.	leagueoflegends	1450895474
Warlord's for champions that build crit, Fervor for champions that don't build crit, Thunderlord's for champions that are combo-based	summonerschool	1450895729
What does Malphite get bonus of!  ARMOR!&amp;nbsp;What does Malphite scale hard off of?  ARMOR!&amp;nbsp;What doesn't care about armor at all?&amp;nbsp;Exactly.&amp;nbsp;Malphite loses lane to every AP carry, especially ranged ones.  They can harass him so his shield never comes back up.  Manaless champions fuck him over even more because Malphite has huge mana problems and will run OOM in less than half a minute if he spams his spells.  If you are none of those champions, just try to stop his shield from regenerating and play smart around his cooldowns and you should have no problem.	leagueoflegends	1450900946
Lord Dominik's Regards shreds tanks in general, and add on Executioner's Calling if they heal a lot or Black Cleaver/Ghostblade if they synergize with your champ 	summonerschool	1450905846
It would work better if his healing wasn't so selfish and he didn't run oom within a minute of coming back to lane	leagueoflegends	1450961821
It's not like boots offer any stats other than MS or something	leagueoflegends	1450961938
I don't think you'll have enough money to get anything aside from FQC Sightstone and the Rylai/Liandry core	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1451071722
He struggles a lot to do damage against tanks, which was a lot of the meta in S5.  He also stands absolutely no chance against assassins because he has no escape.	leagueoflegends	1451073251
Because not everyone is entitled to free stuff just because it's a holiday?	leagueoflegends	1451073387
It's good during laning phase because you're in lane for a long time.  But big teamfights usually only last about half a minute at most and people usually fight only when they're full health/mana, so health regen is useless late game because it doesn't actually make you tanky or make you do more damage.	leagueoflegends	1451094997
not even close bb	leagueoflegends	1451095108
To add on to what was said above:&amp;nbsp;In general, Cloth &gt; Light &gt; Heavy &gt; Plate in terms of defense.  This is also affected by how much weight your character can carry and what types of armors your character normally wears.  For Vella, that would be Heavy -&gt; Plate.&amp;nbsp;Chain Vella's best stats are Att = Crit &gt; ASpd &gt; Bal.  The balance on chains is so bad that there isn't too much point specifically gearing for those, unless you're rich enough to get a bunch of WB/Enthu pieces.&amp;nbsp;Weapons: Impending/Decisive/Twinkling (r9) + Valor/Bloodlust/Maelstrom (r9)Armor: Enduring/WB (r9, cloth/light) + Master (chest)/Fury (gloves)/Zeal (boots)/Armadillo (r9, heavy)	Vindictus	1451107842
Akali E not detonating Q made her go from played little to played noneZed ult shadow change from behind victim to cast location and ult reactivation time both made him difficult to play for a timeDiana W detonation+ult range and Olaf Q slow decay destroyed those champions until they were buffed againChanging Evelynn's ult from % max health to % current health gutted her win rateSkirmisher's Sabre change to damage over time was okay for most but devastating for 4.20 WeedwickRemoving Alistar auto after W single-handedly destroyed top lane AlistarNot awful, but the bug fix in which Runeglaive Ezreal stopped applying Luden's was pretty huge&amp;nbsp;Edit: editing as I think of more	leagueoflegends	1451148667
vlad counters him super hard too with free sustain, ranged harass, and constant thunderlord procs	summonerschool	1451151100
janna because she shields and gives more damage at the same time	leagueoflegends	1451281370
4 damaging spells that do insane base damage + 8% max health damage per spell that applies rylai liandry and DFT l m a o	leagueoflegends	1451281966
Yasuo.  His very existence in the game tilts me.	leagueoflegends	1451441473
Gengar used Hypnosis!  Gengar used Dream Eater!  It's super effective!	leagueoflegends	1451441580
All these flairs are so relevant	leagueoflegends	1451441619
Welp on mobile this is just some strange meme lol	pics	1451468332
 Abyssal if you REALLY need the MR, or you can use the aura and you're against AP mid, Void otherwise	leagueoflegends	1451498711
That would make it stronger than Sightstone, which is supposed to be THE warding item.	leagueoflegends	1451498818
/r/shurima is obviously the place to go	leagueoflegends	1451604396
Yeah except her E doesn't have any hard CC tied to it and barely does anything late game so getting hit by it isn't as big of a deal as getting hit by a 2.5 s stun	leagueoflegends	1451604479
Athene's?  Morello?  Frost Queen?  Have you never bought any of these items before?	leagueoflegends	1451604590
CDR boots + Banner of Command/WotA/SV (Vlad) + CDR/lvl runes (20 CDR @ 18) should be enough	leagueoflegends	1451606675
He's one of the best champions when behind.  The problem with him is that it's too easy to get behind because he loses lane to everyone with even a little bit of damage, so it's not worth playing him over champions that can win lane easily.	leagueoflegends	1451607119
There is a search bar for these types of questions	leagueoflegends	1451607304
Wonderful, another item to make bruisers OP	leagueoflegends	1451766445
Rageblade jax	leagueoflegends	1451937591
Not even close, Mordekaiser rework was most likely the most controversial change	leagueoflegends	1451940085
Do RoA and Rylai's count?	leagueoflegends	1452395247
It would be kinda strong if an item gave AP+CDR+health/armor/MR because AP mids would be able to itemize defensively too easily and burst mages would turn into bruisers as wellIf you want CDR you probably should get it from FH, SV, or 10/15/20 in runes	leagueoflegends	1452419184
It's not a bad passive.  That's 40 free armor and MR, which is 40 * 300/15 + 40 * 450/25 = 1520 gold worth of free stats in a teamfight.  It enables him to be naturally tanky while building damage.	leagueoflegends	1452928403
It's one of the few AP items that didn't get gutted in the preseason patch	leagueoflegends	1453032540
Just play Corki/Ezreal/MF/Quinn/Bard/Zyra chunk all of his health back with your own Thunderlord comboAlso learn to dodge Q's and stop being bad	leagueoflegends	1453088733
Increasing the champion variety in competitive games.  So tired of seeing the same 3 champions for each role the past few years.	leagueoflegends	1453115568
Increasing the champion variety in competitive games. So tired of seeing the same 3 champions for each role the past few years.	leagueoflegends	1453115872
Increasing the champion variety in competitive games. So tired of seeing the same 3 champions for each role the past few years.	leagueoflegends	1453115931
Hpen is the best because it works for early game and scales into late gameAlso you know that GotU is halved for ranged champions right...	leagueoflegends	1453129580
He has horrible range, doesn't have any real CC, loses to other ranged AP like Lissandra, dies instantly if jumped on, and is completely useless if he gets behind/gets camped.	leagueoflegends	1453129973
The discounted runes (mpen, armor, flat/scaling MR, AP) are cheapest and should get you through most matchups	summonerschool	1453203731
You do realize the item is actually their passive, right?  Taking away the item or making them pay for each use is literally removing one of their skills.	leagueoflegends	1453224255
I'm fairly sure it's biased against you.  I got it on my 8th try on my LBM, but 20 runs in on my FM and I have yet to see a bangle, with around 3 of every other kind of weapon.  If it was fair, it should take an average of about 8 runs for everybody, but clearly this isn't the case.	bladeandsoul	1453737149
On another note, the yellow and blue quest markers are just ridiculous.  Why have them there when they don't even point to the right place half the time???	bladeandsoul	1453759355
Speaking of point 29 there, the sustain gems (life gain on crit amethyst + life gain on knockdown citrine) are incredibly strong and have saved my life more than a few times.  Really useful for using fewer pots and dumplings early so you have enough for the endgame content.	bladeandsoul	1454004750
Yeah, you get a Hongmoon amethyst for free as a survey reward.  I got mine off the marketplace though.	bladeandsoul	1454006630
I'm fairly sure it's biased against you. I got my Blight weapon on the 8th run of Blackram Narrows on my LBM, but it took my FM 20 runs, with around 3 of every other kind of weapon. If it was fair, it should take an average of about 8 runs for everybody, but clearly this isn't the case.	bladeandsoul	1454007226
I seriously don't understand how Ezreal can consistently outdamage ADCs that build crit.  Doesn't that contradict the idea that an IE RFC (ER) LDR build is supposed to yield the highest DPS in the game?	leagueoflegends	1454013865
I'm fairly sure it's biased against you. I got my Blight weapon on the 8th run of Blackram Narrows on my LBM, but it took my FM 20 runs, with around 3 of every other kind of weapon. If it was fair, it should take an average of about 8 runs for everybody, but clearly this isn't the case.	bladeandsoul	1454024341
Targon's is worth it because the cooldowns on getting execute stacks is reduced.  FotM probably not because you don't get as much out of the active.  Just sit on it for a while and upgrade to Equinox when you have spare money.	summonerschool	1454030373
You didn't count the health increase in the calculation though.  100 health is a lot in the super early game.	summonerschool	1454032205
I agree.  Ranked is a shitshow for me right now because every game someone gets at least 1 OP champion like Graves, Mundo, Poppy, Rengar, etc. and rolls over everyone's faces.	leagueoflegends	1454368420
Please don't.  His poke range and waveclear stalling are already obnoxious enough as it is.  He's in a good place and doesn't need any buffs.	leagueoflegends	1454368630
I have that specced to pierce defense, though.  Unless there's another move that's able to hit through block and disable enemies :|	bladeandsoul	1454369823
I have that specced to pierce defense, though.  Unless there's another move that's able to hit through block and disable enemies :|	bladeandsoul	1454369825
Are canceling and piercing different?  I noticed that some skill descriptions had both words in there.	bladeandsoul	1454370296
I guess the cost isn't too bad, it's the 1 use per minute that really frustrates me.  I have no idea why such a ridiculous and pointless "feature" is there.	bladeandsoul	1454370431
I mean...idk how the "git gud" thing is relevant when it's literally impossible to dodge attacks without iframes because all enemy attacks are targeted and there is no 0 cooldown spammmable dodge like other games...all the invul moves you listed have cooldowns	bladeandsoul	1454371986
Really?  It wasn't too bad for me.  I did this solo and took no more than 10 minutes.  I think the luring success rate is closer to like 30-40%.	bladeandsoul	1454483037
So...old dragon but better?	leagueoflegends	1454511494
I agree.  From what I've seen in my games, I feel like the individual skill of a player matters much less than it ever did before.	summonerschool	1454831218
I'll edit this in, although I feel like it should've been obvious.  Clearly you missed it because you were too busy not even comprehending what I wrote.  Also, if you're able to read, this is about the new champion select; it has nothing to do with dynamic queue.  I'm fine with that.	leagueoflegends	1454831411
If you're playing a jungler or roam-heavy support mobi is probably better now since you can make better use of the bonus MS	leagueoflegends	1455060733
PvE MMO games (B&amp;S, Vindictus) are good for me because I don't have to worry about competition with other people	leagueoflegends	1455082623
On top of what the other 2 people have said about the stats and passive, how is a 5-10 minute Serrated Dirk a bad build path?  It's literally the best early game item you can get.  Also, AD carries go back and get a B.F. Sword all at once; I don't understand why you can't do the same.Finally, BotRK has been bad on Zed for the entirety of Season 6.	leagueoflegends	1455220338
Sorry this is kinda off topic, but while we're here, does anybody have a quick guide like this for Blackram Supply Chain?  Like short and concise with no videos but gets the main points across.	bladeandsoul	1455273069
Edited to add classes	bladeandsoul	1455342140
Noted and completed my first run pretty smoothly, thank you!	bladeandsoul	1455349717
RIP solo queue	leagueoflegends	1455709966
I'd say Forgotten Brightstone.  Forgotten Brightstone takes 3 keys to unlock so it can be costly if you keep failing, Hujikar and Profane Jiangshi are very easy to farm repeatedly, and Storm Siren/Siren/Dark Pirate/Pirate can be bought with tokens.	bladeandsoul	1455753756
Sleep?  I have no idea what that is I've never used it before	bladeandsoul	1455824632
Damn, no need to be so hostile...I can't even tell what half my skills do because of the shitty translations anyway	bladeandsoul	1455825841
[Playing against Kog'Maw](http://i.imgur.com/hHGq6NR.jpg)	leagueoflegends	1455829760
Except Graves and Rammus are different champions in completely different roles though.  Graves actually needs to be constantly fighting and doing damage for over half a minute to get the full 120 armor and MR, while Rammus just brainlessly presses a button and tanks everything.  Besides, the best and most common Graves build doesn't even use crit, so the 1k damage is a moot point.  You can't compare the 2 like that.	leagueoflegends	1455837182
That's not a bad thing, since he synergizes incredibly well with MR items, arguably better than armor items.  Going against a full AD team makes him unable to build his best item Spirit Visage.  He also gets no CDR from armor items, so if you're against AP heavy, a Locket might not actually that bad of an idea.	summonerschool	1455911995
&gt; I've already emailed my advisors asking if there is any way to get around this.&amp;nbsp;Sent it yesterday, still waiting for them to get back to me.	berkeley	1456225486
They have the ability to bypass/override waitlists?  I'm not sure if the math department has this; they told me to email the econ department, so I did that and I'll see how it goes.	berkeley	1456263448
Probably?  They didn't have any available office hours yesterday past 2 or today so if I don't get a response back by tonight should I go in person?	berkeley	1456263491
I just emailed the econ department as well, hopefully they'll be able to at least give some insight, even though I'm not in the major...	berkeley	1456263535
I feel like most S1 content (except raids) is soloable even when you were slightly undergeared (like level 40, 50 weapon).  The mobs and bosses in S3 dungeons (like Ben Chenner) hit like a truck regardless of gear.	bladeandsoul	1456378590
To be fair with the amount of 18k+ people running around nowadays it's not too much of an issue to get carried in S2 raids	bladeandsoul	1456378718
Ah, that explains a lot.  I guess ultimately I should stop nuking the boss with all of my skills 2 seconds into the fight.  Thanks for the input guys.	bladeandsoul	1456406074
Nice guide, but I disagree with the Blackram Supply soul shields.  24 unsealing charms is a lot, not to mention most of the pieces are not going to be at their best rolls/will not have a crit roll; at this point it's better to just skip straight from Moonwater Renowned Valor to Bloodshade/Endless Tower and try to get good pieces for those, and even then half of it will be obsolete once Naryu and Mushin SS come out in a week.  6 man BSC and BSH are easily doable with 25k health if you play carefully and let yourself get carried the first few runs.	bladeandsoul	1456407157
I was gold in S3 and S5.	leagueoflegends	1456454032
Was Nasus mid ever an option?	summonerschool	1456563180
How do you sleep as LBD/FM?	bladeandsoul	1456568078
So basically when I'm playing on my FM, I need to learn how to tank her?	bladeandsoul	1456568514
So basically when I'm playing on my FM, I need to learn how to tank her?	bladeandsoul	1456568516
True, but it doesn't really happen to me as much anymore because I redid my skill tree, taking points out of damage on long cooldown skills and putting them into threat reduction.	bladeandsoul	1456568999
Define "poorly geared"?  What kind of gear is the minimum required to consistently clear it with &gt;75% success rate?	bladeandsoul	1456571003
Yeah, it's absolutely ridiculous that people don't know this.  I've literally had party wipes in 6 and 4 man dungeons solely because another FM was running auto-detonate.	bladeandsoul	1456727435
So once I use 1-3 and knock down the boss, ANY form of CC from ANY other person will disable my grab?  That's kinda stupid...not to mention it wrecks my rotation of my cooldowns as well.	bladeandsoul	1456727679
Yep, we were at Hae Mujin 4 man 50% and then everything froze.... ;____;	bladeandsoul	1456909046
Yep, it's happened to me in 3 different dungeons today.	bladeandsoul	1457069319
Hmm, I wonder if 360 is a better benchmark to ensure you're at a decent level of progression.  I had 364 AP before I got my sparkling diamond.	bladeandsoul	1457073396
Junghado/Floor 8 are irrelevant to dungeon completion though.  You use PvP strats for doing those (Junghado at least), when mob clear and single-target boss damage use a completely different skill spec.  Although it is a good indicator of skill, I don't think that should be a requirement.&amp;nbsp;Sorry if I misinterpreted what you said.	bladeandsoul	1457073562
Pentakill...and then lose.  Wow.  What a mess.On top of that, I still fail to realize why TSM decided to fight when everyone was out of mana...	leagueoflegends	1457096533
Why the hell did TSM decide to commit to a fight when everyone was out of mana?	leagueoflegends	1457097072
Or the antithesis to the Star Guardian skins: Starkiller Aurelion Sol	leagueoflegends	1457098833
I just googled it lol but if you have RES click "source" and it'll showIf not it's \[Text to be spoiled here\]\(/spoiler\)	leagueoflegends	1457142233
To be fair the amount of MR on QG (Zed Maw rush, Lucian Maw+Merc) made Febiven completely useless	leagueoflegends	1457188330
This is exactly my case and my roommates give me shit for it lol.  2 characters, 1 LBD 1 FM, both 45 HM 3, both Awakened Siren weapons, both Awakened Infernal accessories, both full Bloodshade soul shield.  I mirrored progress with them since day 1...I did the exact same leveling quests at the exact same time on both characters because I was unable to decide which one I liked better.  Now, I do the same dailies twice every day because I still like them both equally.  I don't know if this is supposed to be good or bad, considering my weapon is super far behind and I might not even get 2 Awakened Pirate level 1 weapons by April patch, but at least when I run dungeons with my friends I can choose whatever character is best for the composition.	bladeandsoul	1457194330
I don't carry master field repair tools on me and sell all the normal ones.	bladeandsoul	1457225332
Lol that's so not true, I take more damage from mobs than I do from bosses.  You can parry/iframe 1 attack easily, but you can't parry anything when 20 people attack you at the same time.  Mobs melt in less than 5 seconds when several people hit at the same time anyway.	bladeandsoul	1457225443
I don't think F7 Mushin is a good indicator for PvE dungeons.  The strats you use for Junghado (solo) and BSC/BSH 4 (group) (I haven't done lab yet) are very different.  I can easily clear both the old 4-man dungeons while carrying the party and not dying once, yet I can't do F5 Mushin (only tried it once and never tried it again after I failed, but who knows whether I can actually do it).  On the flip side, I can consistently out-damage 2 of my friends, a LBD and a KFM, who have both cleared Junghado multiple times, in every dungeon we run together.  The requirements for party play should not have anything to do with a solo instance.	bladeandsoul	1457228234
Yeah I made a post about this a couple days ago.  I would say something like (some or all of these): level 45, Awakened Siren weapon level 1, Awakened Infernal accessories level 10, 350+/360+ AP, 30k health, Breaking the Chain/Blood in the Water completed __ (5? number depends on whether its 6 or 4 man) times.  I don't think that would be too much to ask.	bladeandsoul	1457228466
Crit doesn't mean anything if you're never alive to use it.Arena soul shield is far from fresh 45 material, I've been 45 for a month and don't have even close to the insignias required to get it, much less min/max it.Also it's not elitist at all lol, I refuse to carry people who are too blatantly cheap/lazy to even try to upgrade their gear.  I'm so tired of failing dungeons because people are basically dead weight and contribute absolutely nothing to the team.  It's not hard to get 16 Moonwater Valor stones, if someone can't even get the bare minimum I'm not partying with their stupid ass.	bladeandsoul	1457228852
Not even close lol.  Looking at numbers (I have all damage numbers turned on), I'm doing pretty much top DPS every single dungeon I'm in.  Tanks are there to ensure party success.  You're not gonna have the primary damage dealer tank all the boss attacks to gimp his DPS, would you?  That would be ridiculously stupid.	bladeandsoul	1457242080
Not even, I'm doing fine in most of my runs and tend to die much less than my teammates.  I know very well how to play my class in PvE.	bladeandsoul	1457242148
To get 370 AP I'm pretty sure you need either the 25 AP diamond or True Siren level 10, both of which is a lot more than the minimum logical requirements of BSH	bladeandsoul	1457242224
That's pretty much exactly what I have lol (actually that's more health than I have).  Well, I hit True Siren on my FM today and am working to upgrade my Lynblade, and I've been doing BSH 4 with no problems other than party members needlessly dying.  You might have a couple failed runs in the beginning, but over time as you learn the bosses your failure rate should decrease.	bladeandsoul	1457242326
Well I'm sorry that my class is worse than yours for soloing a boss because I actually have to kite and dodge a million gap closers to not die, while you have a broken permastealth mechanic that lets you wail on the poor guy without even hitting you once.  It's not even my job to solo tank Blood Mane; that's not the point of the dungeon.  There are 4 people in the party for a reason.	bladeandsoul	1457242808
I definitely agree with this.  Along with watching health bars/number of times hit/number of times dead, it would be an accurate way to help show if people are actually performing or not.	bladeandsoul	1457244153
In terms of long-term cost efficiency, it's definitely better to get both to Awakened Pirate level 1 because it locks you into the Pirate path and ensures you get the cheaper upgrade path instead of the expensive Silverfrost upgrade path.	bladeandsoul	1457299523
Gnar Renekton Shyvana or Trynd obviously	leagueoflegends	1457477723
Well, I guess I'll copy/paste them here for other people because it's much easier to read...&amp;nbsp;STAGE 1 BOSS: MINOTAUR (Minou)&amp;nbsp;Key point: direct the charging direction of the boss and let it ram into the RED wall; maintain Bleed effect on the bossPart of the wall in the room will glow red at regular intervals (approx. 50sec). If the boss rams into the red wall, it will go into a Weaken state for ~9s. All the buffs on the boss will disappear and players can attack it conveniently. Unlike other bosses in Naryu Labyrinth, the boss has very high HP recovery; it is important to maintain Bleed status on it at all times.&amp;nbsp;Boss Skill DescriptionLeft/Right Swing: frontal aoe skill; induce knockbackWide Chop: 3m circular aoe; induce knockdown. Can be disabled.Quick Chop: 3m circular aoe; induce knockdown and clear aggro on main tank; attack motion is similar to Wide Chop, but fasterHorn Attack: knock the target into the air, followed by a spin attack. Throw the target far away; clear aggro on targetAxe Spin:  Spin 2 times; circular aoe; last hit induce knockdown; can be disabled.Typhoon: Spin 5 times; slower rotation speed but spin more rounds. Induce knockback.Bull Leap: Jump and stomp down on target; induce knockdown. If the target is too far away, the boss will keep using this skill.Mirage Raid: Summon 3 semi-transparent minotaur; attack aoe ~9m frontalFrontal Charge: When the walls turn red, the boss will use this skill twice unless it rams directly into the red wall. Randomly target a party member. Induce knockback. If the boss charges into the red wall, it will enter a weaken state for 9sec. Deal damage to the boss as much as possible; only grab or seize the boss 1 sec before it wakes up.Aura Burst: circular 7~8m aoe; induce knockdown; boost the bosss attack.Stampede: Summon 5 minotaur clones which charge in the frontal direction until they hit the wall; induce knockdown.Iron Wall: surround itself with blue buff, which increases its defence. The buff is stackable; every time the buff stacks, a laser beam is generated and travels across the room. The boss goes into berserk when he accumulates 4 layers of buff. The buff is dispelled when the boss ram into a red wall.Double Chop: Often use after frontal charge; 1st hit knockback and knockdown players behind the boss; 2nd hit knockdown the players in front.Laser beam: temporarily paralyze players upon contact. Players can jump over the laser beam or use other dmg resist skill. Appears after phase 2, and as the number of red wall decreases, the number of laser beam increases. However, as the boss ram into the red wall, the buff and laser beam will be dispelled.The boss will use Pattern A+B to attack, although the skill order might vary according to different party.&amp;nbsp;Phase 1: Within 50s after the start of battlePattern A: Left Swing &gt; Right Swing &gt; Wide Chop &gt; Axe Spin &gt; Quick ChopPattern B: Mirage Raid &gt; Horn Attack &gt; Typhoon&gt; Bull Charge&amp;nbsp;Phase 2: After 50s from the start of battleThe boss will start Phase 2 with Iron Wall buff, followed by Pattern C + DPattern C: Mirage Raid &gt; Frontal Charge x  2 &gt; Aura Burst &gt; Stampede &gt; ( Frontal Charge &gt; Double Chop ) &gt; Aura BurstPattern D: Mirage Raid &gt; Frontal Charge x  2 &gt; Iron Wall &gt; Stampede &gt; ( Frontal Charge &gt; Left Swing &gt; Right Swing &gt; Wide Chop ) &gt; Iron Wall&amp;nbsp;Red Wall and Frontal ChargeIf the boss rams into the red wall during frontal charge, it will go into a weaken state for 9sec.the HP of the boss will be reduced and all the buffs will be dispelled as welldo not apply other disabling skill (knockdown etc) on the boss during the Weaken state; doing so will wake him up earlier.destroyer/kungfu master should only grab/seize the boss 1sec before the boss wake up.the boss randomly charge at a party member (not just the person with highest aggro); all party members should go near the red wallsAt first, all the 4 walls at north/south/east/west will glow red; as time goes by, after every 2 frontal charge, 1 wall will never glow red again.  This means that, after the 9th charge, all 4 walls will never glow red and the boss will go berserk.	bladeandsoul	1457487065
STAGE 2 BOSS: CLOWN (Be Ido)&amp;nbsp;Key Point: Accumulate debuff of opposite element and bomb the clown; tank the other 3 elite force masters.&amp;nbsp;Boss Skill DescriptionThe boss has 2 variations of skill set: fire and ice elemental, depending on the element of the formation circle he is standing in.Fire Formation: Generate a red circle around himself (grant defence buff to him) and he will be using mainly fire skills. Players who are standing inside the red circle will receive a weak continuous damage and a fire debuff will be stacking. When the debuff reaches 10 layers,  it will explode within 5sec and deal damage to surronding party members. The explosion also shatters the Ice Formation.Flame Palm: Frontal aoe; only cast when the person holding the aggro is near himFire Blast: only cast when the person holding the aggro is far away, High damage.Heat Pulse: only cast when the person holding the aggro is far away; low dmg but it will be cast continuously.Ice Formation: Generate a blue circle around himself (grant defence buff to him) and he will be using mainly ice skills. Players who are standing inside the blue circle will receive a weak continuous damage and an ice debuff will be stacking. When the debuff reaches 10 layers,  it will explode within 5sec and deal damage to surronding party members. The explosion also shatters the Fire Formation.Freeze Palm: Frontal aoe; only cast when the person holding the aggro is near himIce Blast: only cast when the person holding the aggro is far away, High damage.Cold Pulse: only cast when the person holding the aggro is far away; low dmg but it will be cast continuously.Shockwave: use on nearby targets; low damageForce Grab: Grab the member holding the aggro regardless of distance; can be disabledLife Siphon: Absorb the HP of grabbed target; other players need to disable the clown when he use Force Grab to prevent him from recovering HP with this skill.Charged Sphere:  Generate a large sphere together with 3 elite force masters and throw onto the ground to deal whole area damage.  Cannot be blocked.  Very high damage. The damage can be negated invulnerable skill (Q,E, SS , ice prison etc).&amp;nbsp;Basic Pattern Pattern of Clownif the tank is nearby:  Flame/Freeze Palm x 3 &gt; Shockwaveif the tank is far:  Fire/ Ice Blast, Heat/Cold Pulse&amp;nbsp; Attack Pattern of Elite Force MastersIf the tank is nearby: Flame/Freeze PalmIf the tank is far away: Fire/Ice Blast x 3 &gt; Force GrabAside from Force Grab and Charged Sphere, all other skills can be blocked.Take note that all the elite force master and the clown cannot be moved, and thus cannot be grabbed or choked as well.&amp;nbsp;Battle Flowassign players to tank mobs/boss; typically 1 person tank 1 elite each or 1 summoner use cat to tank all 3 elites.after the main tank engage the boss, 3 elite force masters will be summon at 12, 4, and 7 oclock.  The players build aggro on the assigned target and join the battle at the middle.check the color of the circle on the boss; make sure whoever inside the middle boss circle doesnt get to 10 layers of debuff. Just stay out of the circle for awhile and the debuff will disappear.1 player is assigned to be the human time bomb; he need to stay in the circle with opposite color as the middle boss circle until he get 10 layers of debuff.after accumulating 10 layers, 5sec countdown begins as the player with time bomb moves to the boss while other players stay away.the explosion from opposite element will shatter the fire/ice formation on the boss. The defence buff on boss will disappear temporarily along with the circle. Its time to deal damage!after the boss wake up from the explosion, he will use Force Grab on someone. Other party members combo-disable the boss.the boss will then follow up with a charged sphere; use invulnerable skills (ice prison etc) to negate the damage.aggro of elite force master will reset after force grab; need to rebuild the aggro.	bladeandsoul	1457487264
STAGE 3 BOSS:  FUJIN &amp; RAIJIN&amp;nbsp;The battle starts with Fujin alone, which is rather easy. After defeating Fujin, both Fujin (God of Wind) and Raijin (God of Thunder) will appear together as the last bosses for this dungeon.  The two bosses need to be killed at the same time or no more than 30sec delay after one of the boss is killed. This is the toughest battle in Naryu Labyrinth, a race against time to down both bosses.It is recommended that the 1st tanker engages Raijin first before the 2nd tanker draws Fujin away from Raijin. This is because Raijin has a ranged skill which will pull the tanker towards himself if he is more than 8m away. It would be easier to draw Fujin and move to another location.It is critical to separate the two bosses because Fujin tend to generate Tornado, which can knock you up to the air; if you are hit by Raijins skill, Lightning balls which can induce stun effect will be produced.&amp;nbsp;Phase 1: Fujin AloneBasic attack pattern:  Combo Punch &gt; Sweeping Kick &gt; Counter Punch &gt; Combo Punch &gt;  Charge (repeat)In between the repetitive attack pattern, he will use Aura burst, followed by 4 x Wind Blade  and Gale Crescent.&amp;nbsp;Combo Punch: Punch twice; the last hit induce knockback. Can be blocked.Leg Sweep: frontal 180 degree AOE, induce knockdown. Can be blocked. Can be disabled.Counter Punch: if you attack him, you will be counter and stun.Knee Kick: after you are stunned by Counter Punch, he will pull you over (if you are far away) and use Knee Kick repeatedly.Charge: Teleport backwards and charge forward, induce knockback. Can be blocked.Martial Dance:  Charge around and perform punch combo. Induce groggy status. You can stun the boss by blocking or countering.Aura Burst: Induce knockback. 360 degree AOE. Cannot be blocked.Wind Blade: Generate wind blade x 4 by kicking. Induce knockback. long range, high damage. Cannot be blocked.Crescent Gale: Generate a very large crescent and kick it to the front; high damage, large aoe, induce knockback. Can be blocked.&amp;nbsp;Phase 2: Fujin &amp; RaijinFujin Skill Description Most of the skills are the same as phase 1. New skills are listed here:Tornado: Summon Tornado and aim it at a target who has Mark of Fujin, knock target into the air upon contact, cannot be blocked. When the tornado comes in contact with the Lightning Ball, a lightning pit will be generate on the ground.Lightning Tornado: After Raijin channels his power to Fujin (combo attack), he will summon 4 x Lightning Tornado attack on random targets starting from the aggro holder of Fujin. Can be blocked. The damage can be negated with long range protection skills.Fujin Tornado: During Combo Attack, Fujin unleashes 3 x tornado at the aggro holder of Raijin.  Can be blocked. The damage can be negated with long range protection skills.&amp;nbsp;Fujin Basic Attack Pattern: Charge &gt; Combo Punch &gt; Leg Sweep &gt; Counter Punch &gt; Fujin StrikeWhen the tanker is more than 9m away, Fujin will restart the attack pattern from Charge again. Most skills can be blocked, but beware of the moving Tornado because it will float you.&amp;nbsp;Raijin Skill DescriptionLightning Ball: Aimed at target with Mark of Raijin. Induce stun, cannot be blockedLightning Pit: When Lightning ball contacts in contact with Tornado, a lighting pit is formed on the ground; deal continuous damage on anyone standing on it.  Cannot be blocked.Lightning Pull: When the person holding the aggro is &gt; 8m away, Raijin will pull him toward himself and attack him 4 x. Last hit induce Daze/Groggy status. Cannot be blocked. Can be disabled.Radiate: Frontal fan-shaped AOE; can be blockedRailgun: Frontal linear direction AOE.  Can be blocked.Lightning Circle: 360 degree AOE;  can be blocked.Annihilate:  Whole field AOE; cast every 1minute. Induce knockback. Cannot be blocked. Can be disabled.Tracing Lightning:  Tracing lightning balls aimed at the furthest members or aggro holder of Fujin; 3 times; can be blocked. Induce stun.Lightning Wall: Release a wall of lightning on the ground. Deal 5x damage on anyone who stand near it. Can be disabled. Cannot be blocked.Thunder Strike: Unleash thunder strike on 6 circle areas on the field. 6 rounds of attack; induce knockback; cannot be blocked.&amp;nbsp;Raijin Basic Attack Pattern: Radiate &gt; Lightning Circle &gt; Lighning Wall &gt; Railgun &gt; RailgunAvoid inducing knock down Raijin since he will use a large AOE wake up attack. Use Stun or Daze (Groggy) status instead.&amp;nbsp;Lightning Ball GenerationLightning ball will be generated (at a high chance) when you are hit by any Raijins attackEverytime the aggro of Raijin change, a lightning ball will be produced as well.Even when you block or counter, lightning ball will be generated if you receive some damage.&amp;nbsp;Fujin &amp; Raijin Combo AttackEvery 1 minute, Fujin and Raijin will stop their usual attack and use their combo attack together.  They would perform 5 rounds of combo attack, after which they will go into Berserk Mode at the 6th minute and cause party wipe.Before each combo attack start, Raijin will use Annihilate first. The party engaging Raijin should disrupt it ASAP.&amp;nbsp;1st Combo AttackRaijin: Annilihate &gt; Channel Power to Fujin &gt; Tracing LightningFujin: Basic Attack &gt; Lightning Tornado (random targets)&gt; Crescent GaleThe damage of Lightning Tornado can be negated with ranged attack protection skills.  It can also be blocked/counter.&amp;nbsp;2nd Combo AttackRaijin: Annihilate &gt;  Tracing Lightning &gt; Lightning Pull (on the further party member or aggro holder of Fujin) &gt; Thunder StrikeThe pulling effect can be avoided if the player use damage resist skills after the 3 x tracing lightning attack.Fujin: Basic Attack &gt; Fujin Tornado (aimed at aggro holder of Raijin) &gt; Martial Dance&amp;nbsp;3rd Combo AttackRaijin: Annilihate &gt; Channel Power to Fujin &gt;  Tracing LightningFujin: Basic Attack &gt; Lightning Tornado &gt; Martial Dance&amp;nbsp;4th Combo AttackRaijin: Annihilate &gt;   Tracing Lightning &gt;  Lighting Pull &gt; Thunder Strike.Fujin:  Basic Attack &gt; FujinTornado &gt; Crescent Gale &gt; Martial Dance&amp;nbsp;5th Combo AttackRaijin: Annihilate &gt; Channel Power to Fujin&gt;  Tracing LightningFujin: Basic Attack &gt; Lightning Tornado &gt; Crescent Gale &gt; Martial Dance&amp;nbsp;After the 6th minutes, the bosses will enter Berserk mode and keep using Annihilate.  Both bosses need to be killed before that, with &lt; 30 sec intervals between each kill.	bladeandsoul	1457487467
Profane -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor -&gt; Bloodshade/Endless Tower mix -&gt; Bloodshade 3 5 7 + Labyrinth 1 4 6 8 + Mushin 2	bladeandsoul	1457575246
Elite Critical 7/8 for most people, Blackram Supply/Bloodshade/Endless Tower 8 if you already have BiS, Moonwater Artisanal Critical Primer if you're REALLY rich	bladeandsoul	1457575400
&gt;Or maybe just allow diamond players to get pouchesThat would legitimately fuck over &gt;90% of the player base.  Reducing the rewards would kill any incentive for people who mainly play the game for PvE (like me) to even dip their toes into PvP.	bladeandsoul	1457628710
Have the ADC player queue as ADC/Mid and have the support queue as Support/ADC.  There is a very low chance of you getting your secondary roles due to demand, and in the rare case that you do, just switch roles while talking to each other.	leagueoflegends	1457741292
This isn't possible with only a duo because you need 3 roles	leagueoflegends	1457743633
I think it's safe to say Annie Bot can be put under the "one-trick pony" category (it's already established that he's not nearly challenger level with any other champion) and I already clarified this so this discussion doesn't really pertain to himAnd Annie is still super strong/borderline broken in solo queue so lol	summonerschool	1457746583
Lmfao those bans though (volibear? blitzcrank? wtf?)	summonerschool	1457746647
Me knowing how to play against them doesn't ensure that the rest of my team does though, so even when I win lane my team gets stomped because they have no idea how to deal with a Yi/Fiora/Zed rampaging through the team.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1457752461
Not OP, but he's definitely on the strong side.  He has a high win rate across all tiers.	leagueoflegends	1457752505
I'd take the Naut because he is more likely to be useful as the game goes on (which it will because it's solo queue and people don't know how to end), whereas Urgot falls off like a brick and becomes completely useless after 20 minutes.	summonerschool	1457758999
Meta may not be as important, sure, but silvers and golds don't know how to draft team compositions and  I'd rather not have an all AD no tank team if I had a choice.	summonerschool	1457759129
If you only want to be locked in to the cheap upgrade path and don't care about your immediate power level, Awakened Pirate level 1 is all you need.	bladeandsoul	1457842636
For now, I doubt it.  With all the arena lag, bots, scripters, and overall horrible balancing of classes (it's basically 8-way rock paper scissors right now), it's not gonna be successful in its current state.	bladeandsoul	1457867379
Use the search function next time, there have been a billion threads about this alreadyTl;dr for links/other threads: Moonwater Renowned Valor -&gt; Bloodshade+Endless Tower -&gt; Bloodshade 3 5 7 + Labyrinth 1 4 6 8 + Mushin 2	bladeandsoul	1457884081
I still don't understand why Volibear has been on this list for such a long time.  I almost never see him in my games and he is not even close to contested in any competitive region.  He doesn't have the utility of Nautilus/Malphite, nor the damage of Fiora/Jax, nor the tankiness of Poppy/Rammus.  How can Volibear be considered OP?	summonerschool	1457910939
Hard cc does not counter bruiser yi...he just tanks it all and melts your team anyway	summonerschool	1457944064
You think he's even better than Yi/Shyvana/Xin/Amumu, the classic low elo stompers?  Or the FotM junglers like Gragas/Elise?	summonerschool	1457944188
If you freeze in queue, turn your club tag off.  You can turn it back on after you finish picks, runes, masteries, and summoners and it'll display fine in game.	leagueoflegends	1458009337
Oh, so that's what "drain focus" means.  I thought it was just focus regen.  I've been doing it this whole time without even realizing it lol.	bladeandsoul	1458145369
Awakened pirate is all you need	bladeandsoul	1458194610
Yep East Bay here, went down for me twice in 2 different ranked games lol.	leagueoflegends	1458201998
Get the 25 AP gem; it's the most cost effective one, it's cheaper than all your equipment upgrades, and you don't need to change it until level 50	bladeandsoul	1458278788
Rammus top into all AD teams, Nautilus/Olaf/Garen mid into assassins (Zed, Fizz, Yasuo, etc.)	summonerschool	1458340646
Soraka too	leagueoflegends	1458344101
I agree with this.  Maybe people will actually start thinking about champion drafting and team comp instead of simply picking whatever is broken and winning solely because of OP-ness, even when there is no synergy in a supposed "team game."	leagueoflegends	1458344213
Provided you already have your core (Athene/Morello/RoA/Abyssal/Zhonya), NLR -&gt; Void -&gt; Deathcap is better than Deathcap -&gt; Void at the moment.  Never get Deathcap earlier than 3rd because it's not cost efficient enough.  I don't get Deathcap until 4th at the very earliest on any champion, and I usually get it around 5th.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1458344559
how do you see anything happening on your screen when your HUD icons are that big ;__;	bladeandsoul	1458344781
Moonwater Renowned Valor (fresh 45) -&gt; Bloodshade + Endless Tower (temporary) -&gt; Labyrinth 1 4 6 8 + Bloodshade 3 5 7 + Mushin 2 (current BiS)	bladeandsoul	1458345051
^ Do not get the Moonwater Arena soul shield for PvE.  It has no crit at all and you will literally do no damage in dungeons.  The valor stone set is fine.	bladeandsoul	1458345113
Awakened Siren/Pirate level 1 is minimum, you can continue on the Siren/Pirate line after patch and get to True Siren/Pirate level 10 before going to Gale/Breeze/etc.	bladeandsoul	1458350339
solo pigsty/brightstone	bladeandsoul	1458350563
It would combat the AFKers, but it would screw over the people who DC in the middle of the dungeon/fight...	bladeandsoul	1458365458
Adding on to /u/falcothebird, I'm fairly sure the current BiS set is already better than Moonwater Arena in OWPvP.  The BiS PvE soul shield (1468+2+357) will remain the best OWPvP SS until we get the level 50 faction SS.	bladeandsoul	1458367231
Moonwater Renowned Valor is enough to do both 24 mans and 6 man BSC and BSH.Adding on to /u/falcothebird, I'm fairly sure the current BiS set is already better than Moonwater Arena in OWPvP.  The BiS PvE soul shield (1468+2+357) will remain the best OWPvP SS until we get the level 50 faction SS.  Moonwater Arena is outdated because it was only good when Blackram Supply was the only option.	bladeandsoul	1458367395
No it doesn't make any sense at all...that is waaaaaay overgeared for 6 man lol, it's merely a convenience but not a necessity	bladeandsoul	1458372186
Meh, Mushin Tower is a bit odd for a requirement, considering it doesn't make sense to make a solo dungeon a requirement for party play.  I'd say Blackram Supply 6/4 man ___ times is a requirement for Bloodshade, likewise for Naryu.	bladeandsoul	1458372347
This is absolutely true lol, I out-damaged a 424 AP destroyer today with Awakened Pirate level 5 (405).  Raijin kept on switching and grabbing me &gt;.&gt;	bladeandsoul	1458376810
I'm not asking for anything ridiculous like 420 for Bloodshade (yes I see those parties on the left side, it's really stupid) so it's not unrealistic at all, it would just be nice/courteous to have at least the gear from the previous dungeon so as to indicate that a player has worked hard enough for their gear and understands how to do bosses that are just a level down.	bladeandsoul	1458377001
How does it screw over new players?  The only requirement is knowing how to do the dungeon one step down, which is by far the most logical option.  If anything, it would screw over players like me who generally enjoy and play in group environments over solo ones.  I have cleared every single group instance  and dungeon in the game except for Naryu 4, and I haven't even beaten Junghado yet.	bladeandsoul	1458377418
From my experience, 400 is fair, provided you have a balanced party of melee tanks, melee DPS, and ranged DPS.  1 or 2 people slightly below is fine.	bladeandsoul	1458377632
Poharan has a lot of people too	bladeandsoul	1458377954
Since you're all here already, are there any FM or LBD players here (I have 2 characters)?  What role are you supposed to play during this fight?	bladeandsoul	1458399375
Elite Critical 7 or 8 for normal people, Blackram Supply/Bloodshade 8 if you have too many emblems, Moonwater Artisanal Critical Primer if you're super rich	bladeandsoul	1458399514
To be fair you need money to out-bid people in dungeons lol, labyrinth pieces are still going for several gold even now	bladeandsoul	1458400069
Your question was already answered by the other people, but for future reference, DO NOT get the Blight, Sacrifice, or Blackram Supply soul shield sets.  It's a complete waste of unsealing charms.	bladeandsoul	1458402850
Rather, don't waste valor stones on the 42 soul shield because you will be farming Profane for your weapon anyway.  The 45 SS is the best for fresh 45s though until you get Bloodshade+Endless Tower.	bladeandsoul	1458402996
On a related note, how do we get Chi Bomb and Multiple Blaze?  I noticed there are still 2 greyed out skills in our skill tree	bladeandsoul	1458665954
Darius, Garen, Gnar, Fiora, Sion, Illaoi, and Renekton (kinda) all have decent base AD scaling	summonerschool	1458739620
Yeah the achievement vendor is confirmed but not enabled yet, but I only have 700 achievement points and have no idea how to get the rest without mindlessly grinding obsolete content for hours .__.	bladeandsoul	1458760649
I'm fairly sure it's 1250, it's like that on other servers I think	bladeandsoul	1458761138
I think I would die of boredom doing 4 24-mans every single day .____. I also have 2 characters too (on top of school) so......yeah no.	bladeandsoul	1458761221
I have 2 characters at 45, been leveling them up at the same time ever since release so both are kinda undergeared (awakened pirate lvl 5 + true infernal acc + 5 Bloodshade 3 Lab SS).  Should I focus on one for Silverfrost content?  If so, is Force Master better than Blade Dancer in dungeons with the same gear?  I don't do PvP aside from the bare minimum for dailies.	bladeandsoul	1458761720
Soulstones went up about 40% (13s to 19s) in NA actually	bladeandsoul	1458761867
I have the same feeling; my LBD feels so useless even in 45 content because Des has better CC, Sin has better damage, BM has better tanking, and KFM has better party utility.  They don't excel at anything in particular.	bladeandsoul	1458786803
Talon and Zed have almost no base AD scaling, they get Sterak's only if they need to live through getting bursted (which is not the OP's question)	summonerschool	1458800420
You need to complete the blue quest Daojin's Plea, I think it's given after you beat Blood in the Water (BSH daily) at least once	bladeandsoul	1458833768
Yeah I've looked around over the past 2 days and pretty much everyone agrees FM is ridiculously broken in PvE lol	bladeandsoul	1458933657
The daily has nothing to do with drops (it's only money and exp), but you probably need the blue quest from Yehara's Mirage that you get after beating Wings of Mushin.  It's the same quest line that gives you Into the Tomb.	bladeandsoul	1458936321
Different but related question: what cheese mids are good to pick into Yasuo, Zed, Riven, or Pantheon?  I've used Nautilus and Olaf to decent success (I main top and mid), but I'm just wondering if there are any others that would work.	summonerschool	1459108364
I think he's saying only the Kaoliang Ju (immunity potion) works in the 6 man dungeons, the Soju apparently only works in 24 man now	bladeandsoul	1459133981
Hecarim doesn't really synergize with on-hit effects or Phantom Hit very well, so a lot of the parts of Sated Devourer don't give him as much as other champions get from the item.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1459139266
Dynamic Queue rank is nearly meaningless.  Just because you hit Gold or Plat now doesn't mean you deserve it or would be able to get it in Solo Queue.	leagueoflegends	1459192197
Soul Wardens has more profit if you have every single Moonwater and Silverfrost recipe.  If you don't have any of those, Sparkling Pentagonal Jewel Pouches get you the next best profit because you only need Premium Earthenware Refiners for those.	bladeandsoul	1459236290
So CCing him at the wrong time makes him become immune to all CC?	bladeandsoul	1459325235
Well, I wanted some specific questions answered, and there was nothing on the first few pages, so there was no harm in opening this thread and helping other people get information as well.	bladeandsoul	1459325305
But stepping on the pools apparently freezes you as well?  Is there a a way to avoid that to not tank unnecessary hits/get screwed by AoE?	bladeandsoul	1459325428
I guess part of my original post somehow got lost, but I don't want any videos because it's less convenient to read	bladeandsoul	1459326627
Both of them, but half the time I already use up my 3 lives by the time he gets to cold suction phase x.x	bladeandsoul	1459326689
This is perfect and exactly what I was looking for, thank you!	bladeandsoul	1459374782
The people asking for 430+ on BSH, 460+ on Lab, and 490+ on new purples are absolutely ridiculous.  That is far beyond what is necessary to clear the dungeons and is plain disgusting and elitist.  But I think the people asking for 400+ are okay because that is a reasonable requirement that doesn't take too much effort to get (True Siren, 25 AP gem, Awakened Siren ring, Awakened Infernal accessories) and shows that a player is actually willing to put effort into the game.	bladeandsoul	1459387571
This is what I was looking for instead of the snarky comments on my thread earlier, thank you.	bladeandsoul	1459388761
I have 3 unopened chests, and I haven't gotten a single key fragment in almost 2 weeks (average 4 games a day).	leagueoflegends	1459454903
Can confirm.  I have 3 unopened chests, and I haven't gotten a single key fragment in almost 2 weeks (average 4 games a day).	leagueoflegends	1459455104
Same here.  I have 3 unopened chests, and I haven't gotten a single key fragment in almost 2 weeks (average 4 games a day).	leagueoflegends	1459455398
It means you sap their focus when you damage them.  It can be really good for PvP and is useless in PvE.	bladeandsoul	1459583720
Hujikar or Forgotten Brightstone, Storm Siren and Dark Pirate are easily buyable with emblems	bladeandsoul	1459638207
The simple answer is: you don't.  Because your most reliable DPS skill has no cooldown, you do way more consistent damage than any other class.Longer answer: You can spec Frost Palm (right tree) and Windstorm (left tree) to not generate any threat, so that helps a lot in reducing your threat.  Also, don't blow all of your skills immediately unless you are the designated tank (like in Poh); don't use anything except LMB and RMB for the first 10 seconds and wait to let other people generate more threat so you can use your high damage skills (like Inferno and Meteor Storm) without getting aggroed.  But ultimately, you'll have to eventually learn how to use Q E SS iceTab iceV to tank bosses as you gear up more and will get aggro regardless of what you do.	bladeandsoul	1459822008
Lol, I was thinking this exact same thing yesterday and was about to make a thread but didn't know ow to put it.  I don't think it directly hinders people from climbing (because a lot of premades are still plain bad), but it does make games a little harder for players like me who do better when I know that their top/mid and jungle aren't queued together (because I'm a super aggressive player who doesn't really change playstyle all that much, so I can win lane hard but get screwed over if I get camped).  Every time I get stomped in lane or camped (I'm a top/mid main), I check the enemy team, and surprise surprise, grand majority of the time it is a premade, usually with a player ranked much higher than I am.  I also am typically best at playing assassin style champions, so naturally I would much prefer to fight uncoordinated solos than a bunch of premades who can easily counter me.  Dynamic queue will not stop me from getting to the rank I deserve (in silver 1 but I got mid gold last season and can easily do it again, maybe even plat), but I could be climbing faster if I only faced solo and duo players.  If there was the old solo queue instead of dynamic queue, I would no question be gold already.The only real problem is the people that I know who got gold/plat not because of their own skill but because they keep dynamic queuing with friends who carry them, when I have played with them clearly knowing they don't actually play at that high of a level.	leagueoflegends	1459882458
No, we shouldn't.  It is a horrible idea to limit participation in party play with a solo dungeon requirement and makes absolutely 0 sense at all.	bladeandsoul	1459904608
You can get northern critical soul shields in shiverstone range, they're kinda expensive though (like 30s+)	bladeandsoul	1459904843
People are just elitist assholes.  I've cleared 4 man lair and necro since 440 AP, and now I have 470 AP and am consistently getting top DPS while not dying first.  They're not hard at all and it takes at most 2 runs to understand everything.  People that are like that just won't change; ignore them and make your own party or find a new guild that actually runs dungeons (what's the point of a PvP guild if the primary focus is 1v1).	bladeandsoul	1459904974
blade master.  every time i see one i just want to afk.	bladeandsoul	1459905142
You 100% will not be able to do Soulstone Plains without at least True Siren and 45k HP because regardless of skill, there are so many people and so much lag that you won't be able to get enough damage in even if you survive.  I have 470 AP and don't even get credit on some terrors if I join the fight late.	bladeandsoul	1459905387
I main Blade Dancer for PvP and Force Master for PvE.  It's not surprising why.	bladeandsoul	1459905609
That FM is retarded.  Auto detonate will ALWAYS be inferior to burn build, absolutely no exceptions, unless you have 3 or more FMs in voice comms rotating ZXCs perfectly.	bladeandsoul	1459905982
Not at all.  The metagolem of items (Sunfire, Iceborn, SV) are getting nerfed soon.  Irelia can even use those items and Grasp well.  Her laning phase is ridiculously strong now.  Irelia has a problematic and difficult to balance kit in that the smallest numbers buff can easily send her over the edge into oppressive territory, almost to pre-nerf Renekton level.	leagueoflegends	1459951716
This basically guts the mastery for laning phase.  Nobody (except like Darius or Fiora) will ever be in combat long enough AND have the mobility to catch up to a running foe to proc it.	leagueoflegends	1459984963
This basically guts the mastery for laning phase. Nobody (except like Darius or Fiora) will ever be in combat long enough AND have the mobility to catch up to a running foe to proc it.	leagueoflegends	1459987539
3% health in such a long time is...absolutely useless.  It would be the worst keystone mastery in the game.	leagueoflegends	1459987608
RIP Morello and Athene's...how am I supposed to get AP/mana regen/CDR as a first item on poke mages now?	leagueoflegends	1460007395
If you only want HP, Labyrinth and Scorpio SS give the most.  If you want a good balance of HP and damage, go 3 Lab 5 BSH to 3 Lab 5 Yeti to full Yeti SS.	bladeandsoul	1460186297
While we're here, does anyone know what happens to people's Facebook (or Instagram, or Twitter, or any other social media) accounts after they die?  Are they there forever, archived, or simply erased into the stream of time?	Showerthoughts	1460262957
I seriously couldn't tell whether Huni and Reignover were trolling or intentionally feeding this series...	leagueoflegends	1460332168
Everybody else pretty much already covered everything, but I would like to add that it is very difficult to do Silverfrost endgame content with under True Siren equipment (~400 AP).  Stick to Moonwater stuff (EFSC, NSH, BSC, BSH, Lab) until you can slowly level up your weapon with the gold and soulstones you get from dailies because most Silverfrost stuff will be a waste of time, unless you have a strong guild that is willing to carry you.Also, soul shield progression should be Sacrifice -&gt; Profane -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor (MW valor stone trader at Hogshead) -&gt; Bloodshade/Endless Tower -&gt; Bloodshade/Lab/Mushin -&gt; Lab/Yeti -&gt; full Yeti.  Don't bid too high for any soul shield pieces under Labyrinth because they're easily outclassed and you would be replacing them very soon anyway.	bladeandsoul	1460350469
350-370 AP is enough to get you through BSC and BSH, depending on who you run with (LFP pugs vs party finder vs guild run).  Lab probably requires a weapon 1 tier higher (~390-400) to have consistent smooth runs though.	bladeandsoul	1460350795
Probably around 460-480 minimum, depending on class, to consistently clear it and have a safety net in case people mess up or die.	bladeandsoul	1460351275
If you're only doing PvE content, go Force Master because they have higher sandbag DPS.  If you want to do PvP as well and get gold/plat/diamond for the beans, go Summoner because they are very strong in PvP but slightly less carry type in PvE (more of a support-y class).	bladeandsoul	1460624916
A similar thing happens with Lee Sin Q.  If I get hit, I can't see or target him until he's already on top of me and the damage has been done.  This happens on both my Windows and Mac versions.	leagueoflegends	1460731403
They're players with melee characters that are just salty that it's super easy for FMs to get credit on open world bosses while they struggle to finish their Soulstone Plains dailies :| it's ultimately not really justified IMO (ignore the flair, I gave up on my BD for a reason), if you think they're that OP why not just play them lol.   FMs really don't have that much of an advantage in dungeons (in fact they get boned a lot because they tend to take aggro off tanks), but are still very welcomed in stuff like Labyrinth, Yeti, and Necro because they can easily block AoEs with sheath allowing party members to save their iframes.	bladeandsoul	1460731978
I'm in a clan (kind of), but they're not very active and basically don't run stuff together, mostly because everyone is in different time zones... e___e Guess people just don't trust pugs no matter what they may say.	bladeandsoul	1460801053
I can consistently clear Yeti in any 450+ party and carry.  I have even successfully tanked him twice.  Is this something I should be mentioning/copy+pasting when trying to join a party?	bladeandsoul	1460801107
Edited to include.  I don't think that's what's getting me kicked though.	bladeandsoul	1460801109
True.  Those types of parties aren't very common though.	bladeandsoul	1460801162
I mean...aside from the fact that you don't get dragonblood, is there even any other difference?  Just the standard DPS hard, don't get hit, iframe the AoEs, CC after jump, don't screw up on sheath (although that's someone else's fault 99% of the time in my case), etc.	bladeandsoul	1460801271
I feel like this is basically going into the "if your clan is willing to carry you" thing, which is a pretty far outlier.	bladeandsoul	1460811150
Poharan.  Name is in my flair.  I've been thinking of leaving lately and snooping around one of the Monday recruitment threads.	bladeandsoul	1460811461
??? I have no idea...I have full Yeti with half perfect half mediocre rolls (need to reroll 3 pieces) and no infusion, full Awakened Siren accessories, and Awakened Oathbreaker bracelet	bladeandsoul	1460855716
Idk...I have full Yeti with half perfect half mediocre rolls (need to reroll 3 pieces) and no infusion, full Awakened Siren accessories, and Awakened Oathbreaker bracelet	bladeandsoul	1460855754
Is our gear actually comparable to theirs by now?  When they (presumably) had a lot more time than we did to prepare?  Like they had months, maybe a year, to upgrade their weapon and accessories, while we're getting this now when 90% of the level 50 player base still has regular Siren Belt...	bladeandsoul	1461148699
You have to upgrade to Awakened Scorpio Belt only if you want full resistance to Asura's debuff.  The Scorpio Belt that drops from Awakened Necropolis gives you 50% resistance.	bladeandsoul	1461171305
Lol @ all the people who rushed their belt upgrades without even at least waiting until the dungeon came out and are now salty that they "wasted" their money.  This is why you don't panic and go crazy and do stuff without confirmation.	bladeandsoul	1461385467
Do not upgrade your belt past Awakened Oathbreaker by any means.  If you're only doing 6 man, even the regular Scorpio belt is probably fine as long as you have the stats (110% accuracy, 400whatever AP, 50% crit, etc.)	bladeandsoul	1461387329
This is not NCSoft's fault at all.  You should've waited until closer to patch, maybe even after patch, before making a panic decision.  Remember what happened with removing Siren/Pirate?  There is absolutely no reason why people who upgraded should deserve a refund.	bladeandsoul	1461387423
&gt;just get everything to True SirenThe thing is, the whole point of this post is that I'm asking what order I should do these in because I don't exactly have a high income of Warrior Tokens.	bladeandsoul	1461387722
so you guys are the ones always crashing our mining with machine guns lmao	bladeandsoul	1461493137
So your current priority order would be (approximately): &amp;nbsp;Scorpio Belt (with 2.5k+ life roll)Awakened Siren EarringTrue Pirate Staff (level 5, Warrior Staff is kind of a pain to get so you can put this off until later unless you somehow get a brilliant key)True Siren RingTrue Siren EarringTrue Siren Necklace&amp;nbsp;and you should be fine.&amp;nbsp;And at the same time, you want to get max HP rolls on all of your soul shields, because I have maxed HP rolls on all of mine (working on maxing crit) and I have 55k health, so it sounds like your HP rolls are really bad if you have that little health.	bladeandsoul	1461592217
Yeah even though this list is here, I'm still perma banning Vayne every single time I'm assigned to something other than top.  I can't trust my bot laners to not let her get out of control and eventually 1v5 kill everyone.	leagueoflegends	1461650364
Lul, I play BD as an alt and I am 100% sure that BD is not bottom of the charts.  I outdamage a lot of people on their mains when I ani-cancel in draw stance correctly.  Giving the damage buff to Flicker would completely make wind build unviable in every situation.	bladeandsoul	1461732493
Winged Protector is one of the best party block skills in the game, if not the best.  You block 3 attacks for everyone in your party, refreshing duration on block.  It's kind of like FM's Frost Sheath, but people can move and attack during it.  In practical terms, that's 3 meteor things (Hae Mujin), 3 nightmare waves (Scorpion Queen), 3 frozen cruxes (Angler Yeti), etc.  My friend is a BM, and every dungeon is a walk in the park when I run them with him because combined we can give the whole party over 10 seconds of free invulnerability.	bladeandsoul	1461732861
It's literally there just to give you free levels, stats, and skill points.  Without it you would simply be max level at 50 (which is intended in most other MMOs).  HM levels make it so that there is some semblance of a "leveling up" at endgame.  It's not something you're supposed to grind toward; it is just simply there to give you free stuff.  There is nothing at all to complain about.	bladeandsoul	1461733118
Nobody should ever assume that their party member has a HM skill.  I always ask every BM that I run into whether they have HM block.  I then change my skills and playstyle accordingly.  It is absolutely unrealistic to simply assume that everyone in their party has 200g to drop at any random time, much less be able to use said skill gathered with that 200g efficiently.	bladeandsoul	1461750384
Awakened Oathbreaker Belt &gt; Earring &gt; Ring &gt; Necklace = Weapon &gt; Belt is what I see most people doing	bladeandsoul	1461764109
Hey, I'm late to the party, but I read through the comments and see that there are a lot of different opinions on masteries.  I have a decent number of games on Olaf (he's one of my comfortable picks as a top lane main), but I find it really hard to decide between masteries.  I have a page for Fervor (Irelia, Jax), Warlord's (Graves, Nasus), and Grasp (all other tanks).Can you explain the logic behind the keystone masteries Warlord's, Fervor, and Grasp and in what situation would you pick each of those?  This would help a lot in my decision making.  Thanks.	leagueoflegends	1461767856
I have the exact same issue.  I was wondering why I couldn't see anything on the ground, then suddenly I get randomly rooted and poisoned...yeah idk.  Maybe it has something to do with the fact I set everything to 1 (for the sake of lag/DCs)?  I have all Windows Update and graphics card updates installed too.	bladeandsoul	1461844665
The problem is that the wheel gives stuff that is now useless like E. Fleet Soju and Blackram Kaoliang Ju or things that might not be relevant like Special Invitations for a player who quit PvP due to summoner hackers.  It's better when you can actually use everything that drops from the wheel, but at this point I don't think it's worth it anymore.	bladeandsoul	1461846175
The problem is that the wheel gives stuff that is now useless like E. Fleet Soju and Blackram Kaoliang Ju or things that might not be relevant like Special Invitations for a player who quit PvP due to summoner hackers.  It's better when you can actually use everything that drops from the wheel, but at this point I don't think it's worth it anymore.	bladeandsoul	1461846185
I think the ridiculous cost is assuming you buy all your stingers and moonstones.  But if you do your dailies and run a lot of 4 mans after to farm stingers, you'll probably get enough stingers to upgrade your weapon before you get enough gold to buy STS+upgrade costs or enough naryu tablets from dungeons or enough moonstones from SSP.	bladeandsoul	1461897008
Yeah, it's what I've always been doing for story quests (which I all do myself anyway)	bladeandsoul	1461906813
I usually spec it for healing because the healing and iframes are super valuable for staying healthy in dungeons.  I sometimes use Storm Cleave though in dungeons I know very well or am overgeared for (like BSC, BSH, blues).  I generally run wind build in dungeons because I like the extra damage on Multislash and Rolling Typhoon more than the extra electric focus.  Storm Cleave is nice, but you have to be dedicated to lightning and spend most of your time in draw stance (need to use lightning focus as well), and you also need to not get hit because that is your biggest source of healing gone, which can be really annoying/difficult for melees.	bladeandsoul	1461943231
Exact same thing as Heuk Bulmu.  Another thing to add: please, people, stop standing down there and attacking/rooting him down there and jerking off while wasting everybody else's time.  Just let me or another ranged character pull it; we can do it with nearly a 100% success rate if you just stand back and don't attack him until he's set up on top of the tent.	bladeandsoul	1461970518
The death thing is a shitty bug that they haven't fixed.  I got screwed by it twice.  It's pretty annoying, and I wish NCSoft would do something about it.	bladeandsoul	1461970648
It's definitely worth using if you're not the one tanking.  I have 520 AP (so I'm not usually the one tanking, since 3 of my skills are specced to not generate threat) and I can hit up to 85k if I crit with both parts, as opposed to 20k max with the middle tree.	bladeandsoul	1461970907
My Scorpio/Lab set puts me at 75k hp, if I took the time and effort to get full maxed Lab I would easily pass 80k.	bladeandsoul	1461970999
You can get it as a loot drop from Poh or the dynamic quest chest.  Or you can buy it with 20 emblems.	bladeandsoul	1461971925
&gt;you must drop the grinding you're doing and join usLul, people have the right to do their own things they want/need to do too, good luck getting people to stay when you're forcing them to ditch all PvE like a hard-ass.Also, there is a special thread for these on Mondays.	bladeandsoul	1462032272
15%, the same as all other dungeons, Blackwyrm, and SSP bosses.	bladeandsoul	1462032392
Wind Sunder is simply an empowered Sunder that does a little bit more damage.  When you crit with a regular Sunder, your next sunder will be a Wind Sunder (your RMB icon turns green), which can then itself crit to make the one after that another Wind Sunder.  Functionally it's the exact same thing.	bladeandsoul	1462105664
Scorpio Belt is good enough for 6 man, but if you're planning on doing 4 man you should upgrade to Aweakened Oathbreaker.	bladeandsoul	1462153174
Yep, I haven't gotten a single key for a week, when I used to get 5-key packages all the time.	bladeandsoul	1462340553
You can get a siren weapon from BSC and use that as a skin, true siren is just a recolored siren	bladeandsoul	1462492742
Lol, and here I am having lost a game because we had 3 cloud drakes and 0 infernal drakes as an all-in team.	leagueoflegends	1462494104
The cooldown is extremely short.  When I tabbed myself, he is spamming the chain once every 2 seconds.  That is definitely not enough time to get out for the grand majority of classes, considering the fact that they can, you know, chase you while moving faster than you.	bladeandsoul	1462541646
...and being in melee range is supposed to help me get away how?	bladeandsoul	1462541676
Yeah, but if I'm alone there is no way to get out at all.  Whereas for most other mobs in dungeons and open world, you can just run far enough and use some iframes until they lose you.  Mushrooms are an exception, they're squishy and you just kill them lol.	bladeandsoul	1462541755
You have Maelstrom (Tab-F), Guardian Tempest (Z), 5-Point Strike (X), Dual Strike (V), Bladeguard (Draw RMB), Q, E, and SS.  That's more than enough iframes if you just want to live.  I don't use Bladeguard at all, and I don't use healing Dual Strike except for things like Heuk Bulmu/Yachun, Necropolis defense stage, Yeti in pugs with no FM, clearing mobs in Asura, etc.I play BD and I have absolutely no problem staying alive in pretty much any situation (aside from SSP but I have another character for that obviously).  The only times I take a ton of damage and am unable to heal it back are when I spec both Flaming Scourge and Storm Cleave, which is for situations where I just want to cheese DPS and tank with dragonblood like Naryu Labyrinth or Lair.On an unrelated note, your soul shields just suck lol.  Blackram Supply is no significant upgrade from Moonwater Renowned Valor.  Get a couple BSH/Lab pieces as soon as possible and then run Yeti once every day until you have a full set.	bladeandsoul	1462567432
Lul destroyers are not trash.  Their focus grab is so good.  Destroyer makes me (FM with 3 points in Windstorm) do such a ridiculous amount of damage that holding down F is better than my usual LR2 rotation for that time.	bladeandsoul	1462568319
The ~200k HP mobs can drop it.  I was at Awakened Oathbreaker Ring so I walked in my first time ever, killed one mob, and got it lol.	bladeandsoul	1462643580
If you are above 50% crit with no bracelet equipped, the Asura Bracelet is better.  Only use the Oathbreaker if you need that 740/800 crit to reach 50%.Edit: I think it gets better than Asura at Awakened Python Bracelet, not entirely sure though.	bladeandsoul	1462712981
Scorpio Belt from Necropolis with high HP roll (2.5k+) until you have enough money to upgrade to Awakened Oathbreaker Belt	bladeandsoul	1462714403
Python Necklace with crit, Python/Asura Bracelet with crit damage, and Scorpio/Breeze Belt with 2.5k+ HP are better than their Hongmoon counterparts; the earring and ring you should upgrade to at least True Siren	bladeandsoul	1462716850
Lol no not even close.  You're probably like top 10% geared players across all servers.	bladeandsoul	1462780889
a hybrid ranged/melee character that has both melee tanking skills and ranged DPS skills Kappa	bladeandsoul	1462781111
It's absolutely necessary.  If you take T3S1 Blazing Palm (the one with flame orbit on crit), you can get your Dual Dragons cooldown low enough to almost always have it up (as in, the skill is &lt; 5 sec to ready by the time you get 3 flame and 3 frost orbits).  Also, this way you don't need to farm old content for Hongmoon Pellet.	bladeandsoul	1462793511
Judging from the numbers, I'm going to assume this is about Asura Bracelet vs Awakened Oathbreaker Bracelet.  We also need percentages of crit and crit damage to know for sure.  If you are above 50% crit with no bracelet equipped, the Asura Bracelet is better.  Only use the Oathbreaker if you need that 740/800 crit to reach 50%.	bladeandsoul	1462799827
Asura 12348 Yeti 567 if you have low accuracyAsura 12468 Yeti 357 if you don't need the 282 accuracy from Yeti 6 to reach 120%	bladeandsoul	1462800056
To sum up everyone else: Life drain = Instant recovery + Additional damage	bladeandsoul	1462815415
Yeah seriously, I hate it when my team has no dragons and I only see the icon on the side of the pit so I have no clue what buff it gives or if it's even worth fighting for...	leagueoflegends	1462816636
Yeah Fire and Water dragons are too strong for combat, Air and Earth need to be buffed so they actually matter in a fight.  It feels so bad being ahead and being able to secure dragons, only to not get any real stats out of it.  I literally lost a game because we got 3 air and 1 earth dragons and were unable to beat their better teamfighting comp despite our map control advantage.	leagueoflegends	1462819145
* shit across all servers* no, only to troll people and be a bitch* generally only in misty woods/SSP, and pretty much only if you happen to run into someone of the opposite faction and they're an asshole* weapon durability and prestige loss	bladeandsoul	1462862645
Night plains = Midnight Skypetal Plains, right?  I think we're getting that either next major patch or the one after	bladeandsoul	1462863363
Ranged has the undisputed advantage over melee in all aspects of the game.  I've played Vindictus, which is another MMO, before quitting and coming over to B&amp;S.  In that game, bosses have much more ranged/projectile attacks, and melees have better base damage, higher defensive stats, and more blocks/counters.My main was a BD before (actually I mained and geared both at the same time), but I switched and invested entirely into my FM after the 50 patch.  Bosses in this game don't have very many projectile attacks (that punish ranged more than melee) and melee base stats are not buffed to compensate for their range, so it creates a problem in that there is no downside to being ranged.	bladeandsoul	1462865080
I don't care what my teammates or other people say, Vayne, Annie, and Yasuo will always be OP in my eyes.  It's too difficult to stop them from steamrolling the bad people on my team, so they end up simply killing everyone.  I ban one of them 95% of games I play.	leagueoflegends	1463054613
do you know where we can look up the stats of these soul shields?	bladeandsoul	1463123652
perfect this is exactly what i was looking for, thank you!	bladeandsoul	1463131471
How are you able to see the enemies so far away? o.o For me they don't appear at all until they're like 20m away, and I have been grabbed by terrors that I cannot see before.  Also, sometimes I can start attacking a boss and it only physically appears like 10 seconds later.	bladeandsoul	1463151664
You get daily/loot credit for just being there when the boss dies, why do you care so much?  Be grateful that you get fast runs instead of the slow double-digit-APs clearing mobs one by one.	bladeandsoul	1463152507
Blade Master is very strong in 4 mans because of their tanking ability and HM block, so it's definitely a viable class in the long run.  It's mostly based on practice in 6 mans to learn their patterns.  The only thing you can't do is probably SSP, but that goes for all melee classes	bladeandsoul	1463163899
FM has 3 no aggro skills and I still end up tanking most runs if I don't join a predetermined AP lobby lol	bladeandsoul	1463177737
...only 25 gb partitioned?  I'm pretty sure that's how much the game itself takes up, not including the os...you're gonna need at least 50, and that's if you pls on playing no other games (i play league as well and have 80 gb set aside)	bladeandsoul	1463177944
Kit Chul/Waido?  Yeah I've done that a ton of times, but at least you can change channels, plus his respawn timer is around the same time as channel change cooldown	bladeandsoul	1463192904
Well lucky you, I had no choice because I don't do PvP lol	bladeandsoul	1463193016
I know that, but I just wanted to get everything else done while I was already there because the money it gives isn't too bad (around 3g)	bladeandsoul	1463193223
Bnstree has all the AP scalings for every ability.Normal inferno: 17Instant inferno: 11 + 2 if daze + 0.3 per stackHM inferno: 20 + (20 + 10)	bladeandsoul	1463272974
I mean I'm definitely geared enough to farm 4 mans (570 AP on main), I just get bored super fast so I'd like to do something different for a change.	bladeandsoul	1463274596
What do you guys think of Hextech GLP-800 and Hextech Protobelt on top lane AP tanks/bruisers like Ekko, Nautilus, Maokai, Malphite, and Fizz?	leagueoflegends	1463331455
Yeah this really grinds my gears too, I'm debating whether to tell my party mates to not CC when SB is up (I have T3S1 Blazing Palm and 55% crit so getting flame orbits is not hard for me)	bladeandsoul	1463345015
Definitely Asura/Yeti for all PvE content, you should use the left one for SSP terrors though so you don't get one shot by the AoE (I have 52k health on my Asura/Yeti set and 75k health on my Scorpio/Lab set)	bladeandsoul	1463345251
I farmed forever trying to get it before realizing it only drops from F4 lol...rip ticket money	bladeandsoul	1463345318
Once you hit 50 you will get a ton of money through dailies so you should get enough to upgrade all accessories in no time.The general accessory priority nowadays is Ring &gt; Earring &gt; Necklace.  This goes all the way until True Yeti/Scorpio/Python.Once you get all 3 to Awakened Siren, get Awakened Oathbreaker Bracelet for the massive AP/crit buff before going back to R/E/N.  Do not upgrade this any further until everything else is maxed because at higher than 50% crit (without bracelet), the 13 AP 481 crit damage Asura Bracelet is better.Once you get all accessories to Awakened Oathbreaker, if you're planning on doing Asura a lot, you need to get Awakened Oathbreaker Belt to resist Asura's brand.  Do not upgrade this any further until your weapon is legendary and all accessories are maxed.	bladeandsoul	1463345948
440 AP is enough to carry your weight and for people to not instantly leave when they see you.  If you have a clan, you can do it right now because there are probably 500s there to carry.	bladeandsoul	1463346019
The 5000 zen bean HM Lightning Draw is terrible.  Get the BSH one for 70 Naryu Silver from the achievement merchant instead.	bladeandsoul	1463346429
If you have too much DPS, he might do the 3rd jump too soon, in which case your 3 will not be up and you are forced to use Heatwave instead (or have someone else do it).	bladeandsoul	1463428038
You can get to level 50 in less than 20 hours.  1-50 is not the problem, though.  Grinding the HM levels is going to be nigh impossible if you don't do PvE.	bladeandsoul	1463450855
Extracurricular activities, clubs, and organizations.  There is a lot of stuff going on even in summer.  I'm not sure what a comprehensive list is, but I was part of a dance team every summer, and it generally didn't conflict with any work/school schedules because practices were always at night.  I'm sure other groups have summer programs too, mostly catered at people with summer classes.	berkeley	1463474078
How much AP do you need to one-shot all the adds with meteor storm?  When I had 530 AP I tried to do this, but some of the adds still lived and I got quickly torn apart.	bladeandsoul	1463509924
Since cold iron offering weapons were taken out of the game, the only way to do this is with transmuting elements	bladeandsoul	1463513497
I am not using WTFast.Sometimes it says "Server is currently undergoing maintenance.  Please try again later."Other times it says something with weird numbers.  I've seen a (106) (6) and a (1000)(132,10060), but I don't know what they mean.And occasionally it never goes full screen at all and just says "[Data error] Could not connect to the update server...(blah blah restart contact support)...E01005 NIC updater.nclauncher.ncsoft.com_17231940"	bladeandsoul	1463514273
Nobody knows, it's a dumb move from NCSoft and they didn't say anything it was just kinda dropped on us with 0 warning	bladeandsoul	1463516625
Azir is a champion that has poke, burst, sustained damage, soft CC, hard CC, zone control, mobility, engage, escape, and damage mitigation.  Almost no other champion has literally everything in their kit; his kit is waaaaaay too overloaded.  Something has to go.	leagueoflegends	1463564884
Clearly that is contradictory because anyone with a brain will know that you need 120% to not fuck anything upThis reminds me of the time I got trash talked for having low AP then having to 1v2 Ken and Gen for about 400k health when my whole party died .____. fun times.	bladeandsoul	1463591840
It's just nice extra pocket change.  I make a couple free gold every day just by clicking some buttons.  It adds up in the super long run, so it's worth it if you have the extra inventory space to hold mats.	bladeandsoul	1463607258
The easiest way to find help is join a clan!  I'm sure there are a lot of big Cerulean clans on Mushin who use Discord so you should start looking around for people to help you farm and just talk to you.	bladeandsoul	1463618484
Last hitting doesn't matter, you just need to do enough damage so might as well go all out	bladeandsoul	1463629079
I think the earring is the most important accessory, actually, because you need it to get enough accuracy to run Asura in the first place.  The belt does nothing if you can't clear the 1st and 2nd boss.  To be honest, I don't see most people gear checking for the belt anyway; I only check people's AP and accuracy in the few runs I do outside of clan.  So after you upgrade to Awakened Oathbreaker Bracelet, you should just leave it there and not upgrade it for a few patches; I'd say the best accessory priority is Earring &gt; Ring &gt; Belt &gt; Necklace &gt; Bracelet.	bladeandsoul	1463670599
To be fair he is an FM, and FM is arguably the hardest class to solo pyre lord with...I'm 570 AP and still can't do it because of the bullshit OP grab, this is why I always do Soul Ward lol	bladeandsoul	1463862584
Pyre Lord?  Volcano and Glacier?  Ranged classes need slightly fewer mechanics to deal with current content, but that doesn't mean we can simply face roll and smash RT2 at the same time and kill everything.  We still have to learn mechanics and how to dodge and tank, considering I end up tanking much more often than I'd like to because the melees aren't doing their jobs.And for the record my alt (which was my main before 50 patch) is a BD, so I fully understand the melee struggle.	bladeandsoul	1463863088
It's also better because ranged characters lose a ton of DPS when they have to tank, and it's better for the party overall to have the melees tank and rangeds do full DPS rather than force the rangeds to tank and let melees do full DPS.	bladeandsoul	1463863304
This would be a completely useless function because this is not a game like Runescape or Uncharted Waters Online, where you lose money/gear if you die.	bladeandsoul	1463863507
FM is also the only class with no pet or gap closer, so it's not easy to hit him at all when he's surrounded by mobs and impossible to target.	bladeandsoul	1463863964
Is anyone else triggered by the upside-down "M" ;_____;	pics	1463875645
It's okay for PvP and useless for PvE, I'd personally sell it and save up for better HM skills	bladeandsoul	1463889061
Merry Potters for sure so you can supply your own refiners	bladeandsoul	1463936216
Can't you just HM block/sheath the AoE?	bladeandsoul	1463937046
SSP is more PvE than PvP because you're killing faction monsters rather than people grand majority of the time, the only PvP lies in killing hackers/bots and competing with your own faction for loot/prestige	bladeandsoul	1463937507
Do you even know what you're talking about?  Beastbog is infinitely more cancerous than NSH.  In NSH, you can control the big boss spawns by killing bosses, the mobs and bosses are easy to kill as they are low level and don't hit hard, and there are portals to take you around easily.  Whereas in Beastbog the spawns are solely time-based so you can't do a thing except wait hopelessly, the elite warriors (especially the swordsmen) hit SUPER hard and chase very far, and there is absolutely no way to get around except walking like a pleb.I've done Bay Lee only once in my life across 2 characters, and I have never done it again because of how badly designed it is.  I'd rather just afk 3 arena matches and get it over with fast.	bladeandsoul	1463962111
Most of my friends quit their melee classes and moved on to main ranged ones.  I myself used to dual main BD and FM but switched solely to FM once 50 patch hit.  That could be the case with your friends and clan mates as well.	bladeandsoul	1463962364
Assuming you're in a clan who doesn't really care about AP elitism, definitely go for the skill.  HM Cleave is super good to boost your damage up to par with higher DPS classes.  If not, fuck the AP elitist haters and get the skill anyway.	bladeandsoul	1463962502
You barely save anything using a Nebula Stone for True Scorpio though.  It's better to use the stingers/moonstones to get all accessories up first.	bladeandsoul	1463962578
You basically upgrade soul and belt absolute last, after your weapon and accessories are all legendary.  It's just a far endgame gold sink.  The legendary weapons and elemental accessories matter much more than the legendary soul.	bladeandsoul	1463962869
1. The grab combo I use is 4-&gt;2-&gt;LMB-&gt;F-&gt;LMB-&gt;RMB-&gt;LMB-&gt;3.  If you have decent ping you should be able to pull that off, if not you can just toss out one of the LMBs in there somewhere.2. Wind Focus is good if you're clearing mobs, like in Necropolis or Sogun.  But for bosses, you should use Lightning Focus to stay in Draw Stance almost 100% of the time.3. Draw Stance is all about animation cancelling Flicker (LMB) and Lightning Flash (F).  I press R and F quickly and occasionally throw in a T in there too.  Make sure not to cancel the 2nd part of Lightning Flash though, else it's a DPS loss.	bladeandsoul	1463963101
It's nothing compared to True Breeze and Awakened Scorpio, if you looked at the thread that listed all the Nebula Stone discounts.  I'm using 2 Nebula Stones this round, got True Breeze last week and I'm almost at Awakened Scorpio, so that's the best use of them.	bladeandsoul	1463963457
It doesn't really matter because you upgrade your soul (and belt alongside it) when you have everything else maxed at legendary weapon and elemental accessories.	bladeandsoul	1463963560
looks like it's time to mad farm 4 man purples and SSPEdit: didn't see you were BD, i guess you can farm 4 mans and sell stingers for moonstones	bladeandsoul	1463977864
HM Inferno is good and cheap, HM Blazing Palm and HM Force Blast are okay but you don't have enough points for them so it's not really a priority, HM Blazing Beam is absolutely mandatory in PvE for huge DPS increase, HM Impact is mandatory for nearly every matchup in PvP	bladeandsoul	1463978816
You have to be bidding on stingers if you want to have enough to get Awakened Scorpio.  The number that you need is absolutely insane, even with the Nebula Stone.  If you don't farm 4 mans and do SSP every day, you probably won't get it in time.	bladeandsoul	1463981744
derp, im used to pressing lmb between so i forgot lol	bladeandsoul	1463984846
The cd reduction on DD is on HM Blazing Beam, not Blazing Palm.And yes, if you have HM Blazing Beam or have a Warlock in your party, you should be using T3S1 Blazing Palm to get orbits for sure.  I actually just use that by default instead of T3S2.  Casting Fire Fury is usually a DPS loss from your usual LR2 rotation, and I don't have enough points to spec Fire Fury anyway because I have HM Inferno.	bladeandsoul	1463994429
Yes.  I always tell people to wait until after I have used both Inferno (HM) and Meteor Storm to Soulburn because otherwise I lose the CD reset on my 2 highest damage abilities.	bladeandsoul	1464022193
Just stage 1 is fine.  You're locked into the Pirate path as soon as you finish the evolution.	bladeandsoul	1464024618
BiS next patch should be:Below True Scorpio (ish) Earring: Asura 12348 Be Ido 567Above True Scorpio (ish) Earring: Asura 12468 Be Ido 357OWPVP: Full Naksun	bladeandsoul	1464077139
Korea got a DPS meter recently that should be coming to us by the time we get caught up to them in content, which at NCSoft's current rate of content release should be less than a year.	bladeandsoul	1464077307
Poharan (NA)Cerulean: Elite, PRC OxO, PRC QaQ, Audacity, White Album, Frail TragedyCrimson: Soaring Dragon (basically the only red clan lmao)	bladeandsoul	1464077403
My question is, even with these people hacking like this...how are their stats (crit/crit damage) so bad? o.o	bladeandsoul	1464111923
If you're in a clan with everyone coordinated or on voice chat, you can clear it with 530 AP + 50 crit + 120 accuracy + Awakened Oathbreaker Belt + antidotes pretty reliably, given you have a blocker and a projectile shielder.  I'm an FM and I was clearing it fine at like 515.  In pugs you'll probably want like 560 + all of the above at the very least, although I don't recommend pugging Asura 4 in the first place.	bladeandsoul	1464123602
Be Ido Soul Shield is the SS set dropped from Sundered Nexus (called Split Maze in Korea/Taiwan).  It has the exact same stats and set bonuses as Yeti SS, just with higher numbers.	bladeandsoul	1464142620
I run Windows 10 with Bootcamp on my Mac, a bit slow in loading screens but works fine for me	bladeandsoul	1464194604
Be Ido SS is the exact same as Yeti SS, just with higher numbers and set bonuses.	bladeandsoul	1464195464
Is this a serious question?  If anything, they should change SSP to make it easier for melee (I used to main BD, I would know).  But that aside, ranged definitely does not need a nerf at all when it comes to dungeons and PvP, so I don't understand why you even asked.	bladeandsoul	1464196327
1. Be ranged2. Don't be melee	bladeandsoul	1464196489
If your group has enough DPS, you either kill them before 4 stacks or come pretty close, which is good enough.  It should be even easier in 6 man.	bladeandsoul	1464226709
Well your pug groups/you just suck, I can consistently get Gen anywhere between 15% and 1 HP before 4 stacks.	bladeandsoul	1464228860
For me it usually depends on the party comp, since I always make my own parties with AP accuracy and belt requirements.  If there are a lot of ranged characters, we can cheese as 6-0/4-0.  But if there are equal or more melees, it's probably better for their sake to do 3-3/2-2.  5-1/3-1 can work as well if you have someone who can solo Gen while the rest of the party burns down Ken, then KD Gen and finish.	bladeandsoul	1464232068
Mandatory for FM (melee counter), good for BD (reset Take Flight on counter), but I don't play PvP anyway lol	bladeandsoul	1464235232
Auto detonate is Blazing Palm (LMB) T4S1, which blows up embers when they reach 5 stacks.  So what they're saying makes no sense for both the LMB vs 1 thing and the burn thing, unless they are also using Short Fuse to keep up burn and rotating perfectly (which 99% of people can't do).	bladeandsoul	1464244620
I played Vindictus before quitting for BnS.  It's entirely dungeon-based with no open world stuff, and the equipment upgrading system is different, but the combat is comparable.  Before that I played Path of Exile, which is an MMO but with different combat.	bladeandsoul	1464388547
Lol that's just stupid, I have Awakened Scorpio weapon and True Oathbreaker accessories, and I have an alt at True Pirate weapon and True Siren accessories.  I've only spent a minimal amount of money on this game, which was on trove (never got anything worth more than 50g) and mushroom resets (for the 2nd nebula stone).  I just played every day since release, but I've never done more than 20 dailies in a day after being done with story questing.  It's not hard at all.	bladeandsoul	1464423117
Honestly the 25 AP diamond is all you need for a long time.  All the other higher gems are way too high cost for the bonuses they give.	bladeandsoul	1464423361
Hi TurboYou have no idea how tilted I was that run ;____;	bladeandsoul	1464462987
As an FM:When people use auto detonate and refuse to change/don't know why it's badWhen people are too lazy to keep burn on the boss even at 5 stacks so they lose over half their damage if I don't use my Force BlastWhen people sheath randomly/sheath attacks that can be dodged just by moving and thus fuck up the cooldown for everyone else in the party (the amount of times I've gotten killed in Yeti because of this is too damn high to count)When people CC/grab during Soulburn or Soulburn during CC/grab (PSA to Warlocks/Destroyers/BDs/Summoners: PLEASE do not do this, it disables our awakened ability and forces us to use Windstorm instead)&amp;nbsp;As a BD:When people spec for full iframes and wind build on bosses and subsequently do no damage&amp;nbsp;In general:When people have higher AP than me (580+) but have no knowledge of boss/dungeon mechanics (please people how the fuck did you get so geared while being so clueless)When people try to do Heuk Bulmu/Yachun but have no idea how to pull him so they flap their dicks around the bottom of the tent for 10 minutes rooting him and wasting time when I (or another ranged character) can just hit him once and make him jump up the front of the tent (I swear I stopped using my clan assassin mask solely for this reason and this reason alone)	bladeandsoul	1464550408
/r/AnimalsBeingDerps	gifs	1464575253
/r/AnimalsBeingDerps	gifs	1464575268
It's sad...the proportion of PvP and PvX players was so high before, but NCSOFT killed it with their shitty management.	bladeandsoul	1464584992
Because people forget sometimes?  You shouldn't be killed and have to lose weapon durability and time on loading screens (and I have very long loading screens so losing time in dungeon is detrimental to me, especially if it's for a daily like Asura or Chuanka) just for a minor mistake.  On top of that, there is a warning if you try to change channels while still having prestige, so this is not even close to difficult to implement.	bladeandsoul	1464585271
I'm not invited people to troll me by wearing it.  I was going to immediately take it off once I loaded in, but because my load screens are long and it takes time to take off a faction outfit (like....why is this even here?), there's nothing I can do.  A lot of times I enter right from finishing a mining session, so I can't actually take it off before because I would get instagibbed inside my own faction base.	bladeandsoul	1464589131
Cross-server definitely lags more than open world.  It gets even worse when it's a naturally laggy place like Minou's room: I literally fire one attack per second because my FPS completely goes to shit.	bladeandsoul	1464595377
Your accuracy is too low even for 6 man IMO.  110 is standard on most bosses even in 45 patch, and since Asura is a special case, you need even more (generally 115 for 6 man and 120 for 4 man).	bladeandsoul	1464595662
AKA you got geared people to carry you and cover you when you miss skills	bladeandsoul	1464628615
Does this apply to regular glasses as well?	malefashionadvice	1464720193
The thing I'm sad about is that these are names that people probably actually wanted :/ I had to report one bot who had a name that I was considering for a future character lol	bladeandsoul	1464734575
Where did you find this Sparring/Challenger soul shield?  Somehow I've never heard of this...Anyway, I was under the assumption that Asura 12348/Be Ido 567 (low accuracy) or Asura 12468/Be Ido 357 (high accuracy) was BiS, but where did this new SS come from?	bladeandsoul	1464740066
This would be a terrible idea.  I specifically have a trash weapon (Python Bangle right now) on me for the times I have high chances of dying, such as 2nd miniboss in Yeti or first part of Asura.  I also use that trash weapon in case my main weapon breaks (which hasn't happened in dungeon in a while, but you never know lol).	bladeandsoul	1464740885
BD and Destroyer are the best at picking up flowers by themselves.  HM Block and HM Maelstrom let everyone walk over flowers without getting snared.	bladeandsoul	1464756931
I pretty much quit because I was thinking the same thing.  I still follow the pro scene and the League subreddits, but I don't plan on logging in to the game anymore until the meta and ranked situation get better.  The fact that most of my friends put this game on hold for Overwatch (which I can't play because I have a Mac) is a big factor too.	leagueoflegends	1464803068
So...if you're not there for Yachun/Bulmu when they start it it's gonna be impossible to get credit then ;___;	bladeandsoul	1464804809
How do you get there?  I see it at the top of Zaiwei, but there is no windstride point there?	bladeandsoul	1464805337
520 is enough for any 6-man in the game.  You'll need more (party average) for Asura 4 and Maze 4 unless you have a hard carry though.	bladeandsoul	1464806967
150-200 ping from California.  Explains a lot with my ani-cancelling sometimes.	bladeandsoul	1464808762
It drops sundered nexus relic pieces that people bid on but there isn't anything in the daily reward like Labyrinth pieces	bladeandsoul	1464823278
Is this gem account bound?  So if I get it on my alt can I mail it to my main?	bladeandsoul	1464840849
Except defense falls off even harder because it is a stat that you find on equipment and existing SS, while the only way to get crit defense is with primers.  Therefore, the property of diminishing returns affects crit defense less because you initially have less of it.	bladeandsoul	1464894166
It doesn't fully lock until you kill Kaari Lord.  But everyone in the dungeon must be at the same progress point.  If anyone in the party has already killed Winter Mane, it stops the party from going in until that person leaves.  Likewise, you can reenter the dungeon if everyone in your party has already killed Winter Mane.	bladeandsoul	1464908257
It's funny because half of these are more expensive than what they normally would be	bladeandsoul	1464914519
Lol, it's funny when everyone stands there like in a Mexican standoff to see who uses their scale but nobody wants to	bladeandsoul	1464984150
I'm talking about using upgraded Hongmoon accessories (True Oathbreaker + Asura Bracelet in my case) rather than the people who have 500 AP but 2k crit because they use stuff like Yeti Ring and Breeze Earring	bladeandsoul	1464991342
If I remember correctly, you might have to complete Poh and NSH 24 man at least once as well, no?	bladeandsoul	1465029138
I'm a gold player, currently been "stuck" in high Silver 1 (50 LP+) for a few months now.  Most of my friends aren't around my rank, and I usually play normals with them anyway, so I queue(d) solo about 90% of my ranked games.  I main top and mid, and I am better at mechanics but shit at decision making.The thing that pisses me off the most about dynamic queue is the fact that my opponents are guaranteed to be at least as coordinated as I am.  People play too safe and I can't take advantage of people being solo to capitalize on their passiveness or aggressively invade their jungle.  Since the start of the season, I have gotten camped in lane more than ever before, and when mid-game comes around I can never shotcall as well as my opponents just because they are queued together most of the time.This has been translating to a massive drop-off in my win rates this season.  I did much better when individual skill had more impact on a game's outcome.  Now, I just feel like every game depends on whether my teammates are better or worse than the enemy premades and I have little to no control over a game.I quit ranked in about April, and I resolved not to come back until the meta/ranked situation got better.  I did much better when there was solo/duo queue, and I can confidently say that I would have a much higher win rate and be gold already if the old queue was back.	leagueoflegends	1465053560
Has anyone here been able to register for classes for fall through CalCentral?  I looked everywhere and can't find the "Schedule Planner" that supposedly exists somewhere on this page.  How do you register for classes in Phase 1 right now?Edit: I am already a student, so this whole time I have been using the old system.	berkeley	1465088153
Oops, I should have clarified, I'm not a freshman	berkeley	1465118627
I have 580 AP on my FM and 520 on my BD.  On the days where Asura or Maze or any 24 man (except efleet) is in the daily challenge, I don't even consider doing it on my BD.  It's too hard ton get a party for dungeons when everyone is asking 550 minimum and any party with AP req less than that just wipes not because we don't have enough damage, but because people don't know how to play the dungeon or even their character.  Never mind when I say that I'm an alt and experienced and have high crit and outdamage breeze people most of the time...nope one number is the only thing that matters, goodbye.  It's not worth it to put up with wipes and waiting, only to get a shitty 0 or 1 gold 90% of times.	bladeandsoul	1465148294
Split Maze has the same accuracy requirement as Asura.  Every purple dungeon from here on out will have 20% evade, not 10% like before.	bladeandsoul	1465148367
Lol, people like you not being able to play your class properly are the reason I rage at people in Yeti runs.  I can literally do all the DPS we need and take care of all mechanics if you just have a brain and do your job.	bladeandsoul	1465149036
Looks like you should take the flower so you can mail to your new main Kappa	bladeandsoul	1465149815
I only play PvE, edited	bladeandsoul	1465239263
Flowers?  Infinite chi?  Is this a mechanic I've never been told about?  (I've ran 4 man Asura like 20 times and 6 man a lot more too...)	bladeandsoul	1465239360
If I cleanse the poison with an antidote, does it also cleanse the infinite focus buff?	bladeandsoul	1465239723
&gt; 3 fm's&gt; my guildies had +50 ap more than meThat explains a lot, lol.Even when FMs are specced properly, they do so much damage they can easily take aggro off people much higher AP than them.  My Frost Palm, Windstorm, and Inferno generate no threat and I take aggro off 620+ people if they're not BM/KFM/FM (I'm 583, but with Asura Bracelet).  This shouldn't be surprising at all.	bladeandsoul	1465240119
Well in general yes it will be easier to hold aggro if you do more damage, which means get more AP/crit/crit damage.  You can also artificially inflate your threat with certain dropped accessories.  On top of all this, if your guildies are blowing all their high damage skills (most notably Inferno and Meteor Storm) 5 seconds into the fight, they will grab aggro immediately, so you should tell them to give you about 10 seconds or 2% of soloing the boss to generate enough threat to keep it.	bladeandsoul	1465241301
For pigs, the normal glass cannon PvE SS is fine.  For terrors, when I had worse stats and took a lot of damage, I used a 3 Labyrinth 5 Scorpio full tank soul shield, which put me at 75k HP.  That was enough to both survive the terror AoEs and get credit for the daily.	bladeandsoul	1465338440
Your fix would be a terrible idea because on top of all the other reasons stated here, innocent people who DCed or legit have bad computers wouldn't get credit for the boss.  I myself have very long loading screens; to put it in perspective, I can't get daily credit for Chuanka sometimes because by the time I load in to the dungeon, the party is already at the boss.And what about the people who DC in Labyrinth and are trying to get back, only to find that they don't get completion credit for any of the bosses killed?What if someone dies to mobs in BSH and the party decides to start Thrasher or Blood Mane when they run back, but the poor guy finds that he has to leave and queue again?There are so many things wrong with your idea, and I personally would be screwed out of a lot of dailies if it was implemented.	bladeandsoul	1465414336
You need to have some setup.  Tell your WL to not SB immediately, because you need to cast Inferno (which had a cast time) and Meteor Storm (which needs Inferno's burn) before your cooldowns are reset.  T3S1 LMB gives you a Flame Orb on crit, which is useful for SB, but you can also go T3S2 LMB to lose 1 Awakened DD in exchange for higher damage outside of SB by casting Fire Fury for orbs.  In my opinion, T3S2 LMB is better if you have HM pellet and don't have HM Blazing Beam.Also, tell the party to not CC during SB or SB during CC, as Windstorm has the highest cast priority out of all F skills (yes, I tested this many many times) and hence disables your Awakened DD.	bladeandsoul	1465414832
To be carried by your party?  I'm a 590 AP FM, so I'm the one carrying like 80% of the time lmfao.  I load slowly into BSH or I have to afk for a bit (to do dishes, laundry, etc.) in Labyrinth, so I tell people I'll wait behind the fire and come for the next boss.  I'm sorry I get shit on by Gameguard and loading screens, but that doesn't mean you have to be an ass and make me waste my time and requeue even after I sincerely tried to get back.  I literally just want to get my daily done and leave.The DC part is 100% not true.  I tell people to wait when someone in a party I'm in DCs.  Then if it's an easy boss like BSH or Labyrinth (I use these because I know the party can 4/5 man when I'm gone for a few minutes), I typically start it when they get in the zone so we save time but they still get credit.  The times I was the one DCed, I have been able to rejoin about 90% of the time.  Most people are pretty nice about it and still letting you get credit.  So you are completely wrong on this point.	bladeandsoul	1465415679
I do DC on 2 characters and some selection of Necro/Storage/Asura/Maze/SSP on my main and I'm pretty much done.  I don't do enough to burn myself out.  I also talk to my clan a lot and have a lot of friends in 2 other clans so I spend a lot of time talking about random crap in or out of dungeon, which helps me keep my sanity.	bladeandsoul	1465429069
RIP ninjaing into parties that only went by HM level	bladeandsoul	1465429311
What's with these people's love of Gunblade...lol	bestofbronze	1465436916
"Outstanding performance"?  I can nearly solo it, and I'm an FM, with less AP than him, who sucks at tanking o.o	bladeandsoul	1465489428
Lol do you even play ranged?  This discussion is talking about soloing (and being the highest AP in the party, meaning FM probably has to tank).  Tanking as FM is much harder than tanking as BM/KFM/Destroyer because you don't have any low CD block skills.  You have to manage your range nearly perfectly because being too close makes you get hit by melee attacks, but being too far makes the boss use its ranged attacks, which generally hurt much more and are harder to dodge than its melee attacks.  Melee does have it harder in sandbag situations, yes, but when it comes to tanking, melee has it easier no question.  You have no idea what you're talking about...I think you're the cancerous one here.	bladeandsoul	1465517550
I heard it's either Awakened or True Python.  In general you should upgrade everything else first though.	bladeandsoul	1465573867
Lol everyone tells me to get HM Maelstrom but I don't feel like dropping that much gold on an alt ;____; also I have 2 BM friends that I run with but I think it shares CD with HM Block	bladeandsoul	1465646871
When I'm playing FM, about 95%.  When I'm playing BD, about 60% unless I'm running with my clan, where I make sure to get an FM or HM block BM with me.	bladeandsoul	1465699500
When I'm playing FM, about 95%.  When I'm playing BD, about 60% unless I'm running with my clan, where I make sure to get an FM or HM block BM with me.	bladeandsoul	1465699500
I already made a thread about this, but out of BM, Destroyer, and Assassin, which one is the least HM skill reliant in PvE?	bladeandsoul	1465713346
This is not true, True Python bracelet is better than Asura for DPS for all situations and values of AP/crit/crit damage.	bladeandsoul	1465717984
Why are you comparing Awakened Oathbreaker to True Python?  I never said anything about Awakened Oathbreaker.  Asura is better than Awakened Oathbreaker if you have crit infusions on your soul shields and are not max gear, yes.But you have to look at True Python vs Asura here.  Your point is based on the fact that he is strapped for money, let's say at Awakened Scorpio weapon/True Oathbreaker accessories (me).  In my case, I am currently using an Asura bracelet because it gives better DPS than my Awakened Oathbreaker.  But look at his gear.  He has maxed out all of his accessories.  The difference between True Python and Asura is 19 AP, 960 crit, and 32 additional damage in exchange for just 481 crit damage.  Damage is based on AP, crit, crit damage, and additional damage.  So from a purely DPS standpoint, True Python bracelet gives higher damage.  This is not even considering all of Assassin's skills that proc off crits, such as Mist Slash/Heart Stab and Shadow Slash.I have these values in a DPS spreadsheet with all relevant bracelets and necklaces (Awakened Siren to True Python, plus Python and Asura), and the overall damage of a skill with any AP multiplier is higher with True Python than with Asura.  All things considered, True Python bracelet is no question better than Asura.  Please take the context into account and do your research before talking about things you don't understand.	bladeandsoul	1465725334
Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can ~~clear~~ do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/248 Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)	bladeandsoul	1465735093
The final boss in Sundered Nexus/Split Maze	bladeandsoul	1465739219
Intended method: You group the scorpions and kill them when the message pops up for a defense buff, tank the first 3 and iframe the last 3Cheese method: Party iframes, such as Destroyer HM Emberstomp+Stone Shield (blocks 3), BM HM Block (blocks 3), FM Frost Sheath (blocks 2 fast ones), BD HM Maelstrom (blocks 2), Summoner Seed Shroud (blocks 1), etc.	bladeandsoul	1465775996
Max your accessories before going to legendary weapon	bladeandsoul	1465779997
Generally the person who blocks runs to the left because it's just what people usually do.  It's not entirely your fault because he should have been watching, but you should probably say something if you're doing something different from what everyone else is used to.	bladeandsoul	1465781303
As an FM main, I cannot stress this enough.  Inferno has a 2.5 s channel time, and I can't blow all my skills immediately or else I instantly get aggro, so Soulburning right at the beginning really screws us over.  Ideally we need about 15 s to get ready.On top of that, for all the other classes here, please do not CC or grab during Soulburn.  It disables FM's awakened ability and basically wastes half the buff for us.	bladeandsoul	1465795209
Adding on to what the other guy said, ice build is better for questing and killing mobs solo.  Switch to burn build if you're doing bosses or dungeons.	bladeandsoul	1465795673
Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/248 Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)	bladeandsoul	1465795959
Not if he has Blazing Beam, no?	bladeandsoul	1465796240
If you don't care about prestige (aka the 100/300/500 boxes), True Breeze is enough to get credit on every mini-boss in mining phase (maybe except Grindtooth with a completely full channel.  If you plan on farming Soulstones with your FM, though, you'll need to upgrade in order to be able to hit 300 in 1.5 mining sessions.	bladeandsoul	1465796494
I have HM Inferno	bladeandsoul	1465798750
I have 3 points specced into Windstorm, it's higher DPS than LR2 on grabbed/grappled/gripped bosses	bladeandsoul	1465798831
That point was more about blowing skills rather than not taking aggro, I ani cancel with Meteor Storm too so it's super useful having 3 fire orbs and resetting 2 45 s cd skills	bladeandsoul	1465799116
You don't _have_ to...you can farm stingers and sell them for moonstones, if you insist.  But do realize a single daily in SSP gives the same number of soulstones as the entire set of Misty Woods dailies.  Add in keys and strike wraith boxes, and the value you get from SSP is way too good to pass up.	bladeandsoul	1465801740
1. Get 300 reclaimed secret techniques2. Get HM Impact3. ???4. Profit	bladeandsoul	1465808963
Nope, NA Poharan	bladeandsoul	1465816473
Moonstones going up -&gt; SSP is a necessity in daily routine -&gt; Ranged + burst OP -&gt; more FMs	bladeandsoul	1465818878
My default browser is Google Chrome.  Do you think that has something to do with it?	bladeandsoul	1465824761
Assuming you have no nebula stone and aren't lacking in stats (e.g. not enough accuracy to do 4 mans/not enough crit to use Asura bracelet), True Oathbreaker + Asura bracelet -&gt; Awk Scorpio -&gt; True Scorpio -&gt; Awk Python/Yeti/Scorpio -&gt; True Python/Yeti/Scorpio -&gt; upgrade bracelet last -&gt; legendary weapon -&gt; belt	bladeandsoul	1465826211
Yeah, the amount of damage you get from upgrading accessories past True Oath is very small because you get like a single digit number of crit damage each upgrade.  I upgraded all my accessories to True Oath, then got Awakened Scorpio weapon.  I upgraded my earring to Awakened Scorpio because I need the accuracy for Asura/Maze (I hit 119.8% with the 100 accuracy achievement statistic), and I'm planning on getting True Scorpio weapon before touching any of my accessories again.	bladeandsoul	1465849005
Mushin is #1, Poharan is #2	bladeandsoul	1465850988
You don't lose DPS if you ani cancel between casts, my ping isn't great so I can only do XVX but some people who have better computers/ping can do XVF2X or something like that	bladeandsoul	1465854188
Did it work?  I heard it was only for account bound items.	bladeandsoul	1465881293
On the other hand of the spectrum, why are useless dungeons like Blackram Narrows, Tomb of the Exiles, blues, or 24 mans in the daily challenge?  Not all the missions are for everyone.  Get over it.  It doesn't hurt to skip a day or 2.Also find a clan if you want to run the later dungeons so badly instead of pugging it.  They're all doable as a fresh 50, who presumably has a True Profane weapon.	bladeandsoul	1465892193
Using Python Necklace and Asura Bracelet is only worth it if you don't lose that much AP.  The right one is unquestionably better because your crit is about the same.  But the best thing would be Asura Bracelet and Hongmoon accessories for everything else because you have high enough crit to not use Awakened Oathbreaker.Also, your accuracy on the left side is waaaaay too high.  Don't sacrifice any other stat after you hit 120%.	bladeandsoul	1465892518
Another way to do this is to adopt the buff system from EFleet and NSH.  For every boss you kill, you get a stacking crit buff, so if you stay in the channel for a long time and kill bosses you get more damage on Poharan/Hae Mujin.  Similarly, it would be easier to get damage on Grindtooth if you got a buff for every pig and terror you get credit on (both timed and roaming) to reward the people who stay for the entire mining phase.	bladeandsoul	1465900202
Yep, can't even log in half the time.  And one time I did...RIP Yeomchul credit	bladeandsoul	1465962419
But is it covered with a sealer?	mildlyinteresting	1465973467
Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP:  Full Naksun/248 Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)	bladeandsoul	1466039797
Leveling soul shield progression:Stalker (6) -&gt; Viridian Valor (20) -&gt; Pinchy (33? optional) -&gt; Cinderlands Renowned Valor (36) -&gt; Lycan (38? optional) -&gt; Profane (42) -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor (45) -&gt; Bloodshade (don't min/max) -&gt; Bloodshade/Labyrinth (don't min/max) -&gt; Yeti (50) -&gt; Asura/Be IdoEdit: This is the progression I used (plus Deva but I only realized it sucked ass later lol) when I was leveling 2 characters at launch	bladeandsoul	1466048595
I think he means just stay in SSP and hop around farming all the channels wherever people are, solo as in you don't need a party to do it	bladeandsoul	1466048710
6/9	bladeandsoul	1466069089
Nope, I was never really a fan of the warlock/soul fighter hype.  I didn't level anyone last event, but I've been getting bored of my BD and FM lately (too much button mashing with simple mechanics), so I've decided to level a BM.  It's also nice that it's probably gonna be one of the least leveled characters during the event, so I won't really have competition for weapons.	bladeandsoul	1466070797
I've been in a faction war once, when Soaring Dragon and The Eterna took a mining channel and managed to hold it the entire time against us ceruleans (Poharan)...somehow...	bladeandsoul	1466071048
My Iksanun friends are all talking about this...and I'm just sitting here with my shitstorm in Poharan ;____;	bladeandsoul	1466123217
HP is the best defensive stat because all healing scales off either your damage or max HP.  The best defense SS is 248 Challenger 3 piece Sparring 2 piece Naksun, if you can't get Challenger pieces then full Naksun is fine.  For 45s full Labyrinth will have to do.Edit: That aside, the best defense for dungeons is to not get hit lol.	bladeandsoul	1466123364
Yeah, it sucks.  Reds can't do SSP at all because they're "outnumbered" like crazy.  Blues can't do SSP because nobody defends after Suljun (partially due to bots flooding channels, partially due to people not giving a shit) so mining always dies less than 5 minutes in.	bladeandsoul	1466129979
I mean...I can understand your point, but why do you even need defense as an FM?  When I'm doing dungeons, I basically never get hit unless I'm tanking or it's a room-wide AoE and my iframes are down.  Melee attacks are a joke because I'm pretty much never less than 10m away from the boss, and the only times I am are when a mechanic requires me to be there (Yeti heat phase, KD on Ken+Gen/Drill Sergeant, etc.).Defense is bad when you're sacrificing crit and accuracy for it; it's even worse when you say you're an FM, who should absolutely not be getting hit, hence defense does literally nothing for you.  The only times I have ever run my full tank soul shield (3 Labyrinth 5 Scorpio) were when I was doing terrors in SSP and had only 50k HP with Yeti SS, and the one time I tried to do Kang Gwi but got overrun by reds.Edit: Also on top of all this, you are aware that all stats (except AP and additional damage and HP lol) drop off like a rock right?  You're not gonna get 50% damage reduction even with max fuse x8 because of diminishing returns.	bladeandsoul	1466130230
Full Twisted is not out yet.  We only have pieces 3 and 4, and pieces 125678 are from Shattered Masts, Gloomdross Incursion, and Twisted Grimhorn Wilds, which are available next patch.&amp;nbsp;The BiS soul shield this patch is:Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full Yeti/12348 Asura + 567 YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/248 Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)	bladeandsoul	1466139929
BM makes me (FM) want to flip a coin deciding whether to afk or kill myself	bladeandsoul	1466142219
A detailed damage meter public to everyone would be too toxic I think, but an individual percent (for each player) and the top 1 or 2 people by % damage dealt (public), like the one in Vindictus, should be fine.	bladeandsoul	1466143715
Yeah 650 is about HM9 + True Scorpio + True Python/Yeti/Scorpio accessories I think	bladeandsoul	1466155902
That's...what I said?  I literally said you replace Be Ido with Oblivion and Asura with Black Dragon in the second section.  I'll edit it in anyway though.	bladeandsoul	1466157908
Same here, I can't see the cool dragon thing that I see FMs on Korea/Taiwan have when I use my Dragonchar and Dragonwhorl, even with self effects up lol rip	bladeandsoul	1466213522
550 AP is enough for pretty much all content until the end of the year until Turtle Stage 6, as more dungeons rely on mechanics than pure DPS.	bladeandsoul	1466249868
People are now asking for 450 in BSC and BSH, 500 for Lab and Lair/Necro/Yeti 6, and 550 for Lair/Necro/Yeti 4 and Asura/Maze 6.  I personally equip my Oathbreaker bracelet so I can hit 596 AP and be accepted into 600+ parties (I get a pass because I'm FM).  Everyone's AP requirements in F8 go up every patch.  This is nothing new at all.	bladeandsoul	1466250062
The question here is: do you have a friendly clan with strongly geared people and voice chat to teach/carry you though your first couple runs?  From that HP value, I'm going to assume you currently have BSH/Lab, since you implied that you haven't run Yeti that much yet.  That, plus the fact that you have 425 AP (probably Awakened Oathbreaker at most), means that your crit and crit damage aren't very high.  Your stats overall are doable, but you won't be able to get into any F8 parties with those.  Pugs are generally asking at least 480 for Yeti and 530 for Asura to get clean runs, absolute minimum 450 for Yeti and 500 for Asura.  So in short, if you have a clan that can carry you and teach mechanics, you'll be fine.  Otherwise, it's probably gonna be tough until you get at least True Oathbreaker + True Siren.	bladeandsoul	1466260842
...does this really have to be about NA vs EU?  congrats, you had a lucky party.  this can happen anywhere.  doesn't say anything about NA and EU.	bladeandsoul	1466261660
Sogun and Nexus are about the same in mechanical difficulty. The only difference is that you need antidotes for Asura and maybe Scorpio belt/Awakened Oathbreaker belt to prevent Asura's healing debuff. Realistically, you need about 500 AP 50 crit 190 crit damage 115 accuracy to not be completely dead weight.Also, all bosses in purple dungeons from here on out have 20% evade, so you'll need 120 accuracy if you're planning on doing the 4 man versions.	bladeandsoul	1466261987
Uhhh well this is unfortunate...I only see stuff for summer, nothing for fall &gt;.&lt; is it under dashboard, academics, finances, or campus?  And where?	berkeley	1466262608
I mean...at that point they should have like BSH/Lab right?  That's about enough to start going for Yeti I think.  Full Lab only makes you have like 2k crit, 2.5k if you have an upgraded ring (and most people will probably only have Awakened Infernal ring at that point), so they would do literally no damage.	bladeandsoul	1466262973
Has anyone (non-freshmen) been able to sign up for classes in the fall yet?  It still says "we are the middle of a large systems migration" for me on CalCentral.  I only have the Summer 2016 section, and there is no Fall 2016 section for me...I have no idea what's going on .___.	berkeley	1466269840
Praetor19 posts detailed showcases of every heroic dungeon.  Freedomplays has detailed text guides of every heroic dungeon and instance up until Hell Blast Furnace.	bladeandsoul	1466272923
That's like...more than the number of mining sessions blue gets completed all the way to the end without losing anything, lmao.  I haven't seen Grindtooth spawn for a week, and I haven't gotten credit on him for almost 2.  Are you in Soaring Dragon or The Eterna?  That probably makes sense.	bladeandsoul	1466296478
Is that Soaring Dragon or The Eterna?  That probably makes sense.  Blues are too passive/chicken to contest though, I wish they had the balls that reds have.	bladeandsoul	1466296647
I don't think there is a Silverfrost Valor Stone SS set.  I went straight from BSH/Lab to Yeti on both my characters (Awakened Pirate + Awakened Siren for both) and I had no problems at all.  This is why I tell people to get 45 content and get upgrades/soul shields before trying to do 50 content, so they don't become the 350 AP 2k crit dead weights that we all see in cross-server.Edit: Another option is to use the Northern Critical soul shields from the Shiverstone field boss, heard some people were using that	bladeandsoul	1466296914
If you don't know mechanics that well, I still think you're better off with a clan run or run with people you know/"know" at first, as pugs often either leave or ask you to leave when they see someone with AP that low.  It's just a community thing because they don't want to carry people even though they a) can easily 5 man it and b) were once at that gear level and needed to be carried.  You might be able to make your own F8 party or get some lucky parties in LFP though as your AP is not THAT low (sub-400), so who knows.  But yeah once you upgrade once, you should have no problem getting into parties that can clear almost every time, if you get a good FM.	bladeandsoul	1466297842
I picked up Irelia, Katarina, Zed, Darius, and Trundle only because someone on the enemy team shit on me with them lmao	leagueoflegends	1466332175
As a player who is infamous in his clan for having notoriously long loading screens, I feel your pain.  Even worse is when I have a loading screen randomly in the middle of a dungeon, like Sogun's Lament between bosses (so I can miss the dailies if people don't pay attention and wait) or Sundered Nexus B1 to B2 (so I'm never there when people are rolling the wheel).  I never understood why this happens.	bladeandsoul	1466342194
FM can cheese the cold phase mechanic and save everyone if they get frozen by using ice Tab on the first x - 3 ice cruxes and sheathing the last 3, which prevents any party members from being frozen and dying to the frostquake.  A good BM with HM block can do it too by iframing the first few and using HM block on the last 3.	bladeandsoul	1466381516
So the thing about these is, they're completely mutually exclusive.  This is when personal bias comes into play.  For me, I absolutely hate buying things off of the market.  Therefore, I can farm achievement points, money, stingers, soulstones, and moonstones at the same time.  I put off my upgrades until I can farm enough stingers and moonstones (I don't buy any off market unless all my dailies are done and I'm like 2 off) myself.So on that note, HM Lightning Draw costs Naryu Coins and HM Block costs money, so theoretically you can just farm both at the same time.  On top of all that, if you mention that you have HM block, most people will bypass the AP requirement and let you in regardless.I am currently leveling a BM, and the build I have does not have enough points for any HM skills until HM 5.  So I would advise your plan of action to be:If you don't already have the "easy" achievements (10 of every dungeon clear, time kills, dungeon stuff, gathering/crafting, socket gems, collect SS sets, SS fusion, picture, etc.), try to get those done.  Hopefully you'll have enough to get 1250.  If not, just gear up enough to do all 4 mans at least 10 times and that should be enough to give you Lightning Draw Volume 2.If you have enough money to get the Necro book, buy that.  It is super cheap right now because everyone is farming Necro for merchant.  DO NOT buy the Yeti book until it falls back down in price after the merchant event ends.  Save all your money afterwards.Bid up to 75% of the value of all stingers you see, but no more.  Through dungeons and dailies, you should be able to accrue enough stingers to upgrade.  Since Nebula Stone is completely out of the question at this point, you are in no rush to upgrade anything.  One special thing right now though, you always have to keep at least 30g on you before doing any pug runs in case merchant spawns (since clan mates can lend you money if they're nice and you go through Zaiwei).SSP isn't really worth doing atm because you won't be able to get credit on anything, so all you can do there is Heuk Bulmu/Yachun on all your level 50 characters, once a day.  Easiest 20 soulstones of your life.  Use your money to buy moonstones and STS when (if) the prices goes down.Blahblahblah... (extra edits here)That's...pretty much it!  I may have missed a thing or 2 somewhere in the middle.  Good luck with everything!  Feel free to PM me if you have any more questions and I'll try to answer to the best of my ability :&gt;	bladeandsoul	1466385707
Yes, this is why I tell people to not CC during Soulburn.	bladeandsoul	1466420228
As an FM who often is forced to tank due to high DPS, ranged characters have to move in circles and kite around the boss in order to not get hit by melee attacks.	bladeandsoul	1466429445
Unless you really need the Royal Zen Bean skill, no.  You're perfectly fine doing all content with only PvE.  Farming Misty Woods faction insignias doesn't really count as PvP because you can get trolled, but at the end of the day it's only a minor setback and you can still get your shit done.  In 45 patch, it was extremely difficult to get soulstones with only PvE because you could only get up to 17 soulstones per day (ToE + Misty Woods), so, you had to do PvP dailies and get soulstone pouches to keep up.  But now, soulstones are so abundant that you don't need to PvP at all to get enough of them.  (Moonstones, though, that's another story...)	bladeandsoul	1466433388
Eh, it's just kind of a thing that happens when people aren't "caught up," I guess.  I feel the pain.  I started Vindictus when most people were already high leveled, so trying to do raids while undergeared was a massive pain.	bladeandsoul	1466434462
Then only do one of them and not both...?	bladeandsoul	1466434740
No, HM Lightning Draw costs achievement points (and 70 Naryu Silvers but that's basically nothing) and HM Block costs money (because you buy the pieces from marketplace or win a bid in dungeon).The 10 4 mans was just a ballpark estimate, since I don't know how many you're missing lmao.  If you have a friend (or if you're on Poharan server aka my server), you can cheese a few achievement points by killing and reviving them over and over again while wearing different faction uniforms (Blackram, Stratus, Talus, etc.).  That's up to you to figure out how to get 1250 the easiest.Merchant spawns in Necro, Nexus, Storage, and Mandate.  After the patch the day after tomorrow, it will spawn in Sogun as well.  The best items from there are, in approximate order: Silverfrost Premium Transformation Stone (30g), Flawless Sparkling Hongmoon Hexagonal Peridot (10g?  forgot), 100 Honorary bundle, 100 Moonstone bundle, 100 Stinger bundle.  This means you should try to keep above 30g on you at all times when doing pug runs.  (The flowers are 50g and 100g but they're completely not worth it, so you can just ignore those.)	bladeandsoul	1466466909
I'm not sure if I registered for this, but I remember seeing a link somewhere?  Do you know where it is?	bladeandsoul	1466522145
I'm not sure if I registered for the thank you bundle, but I remember seeing a link somewhere?  Do you know where it is?	bladeandsoul	1466522164
Thank you Dim you have inspired me to be so good I shrunk and turned into a BD	bladeandsoul	1466567366
So reroll to BM or Assassin?	bladeandsoul	1466567633
Awakened Infernal to True Profane...holy wow upgrades	bladeandsoul	1466642844
But there aren't that many channels even though there are a lot of people?	bladeandsoul	1466694195
Fated Bond, Pistachio Dream, Light Specter, Regium Corvus on Yun, Night Luna on Lyn	bladeandsoul	1466701108
It's completely a non-issue for me.Who cares about loot drops?  In half a week they'll be worth 50 copper again.  Or you can just use the purple weapons and accessories you'll build up from inevitably raging at Blackram Narrows, Deva, and Tomb of the Exiles when not getting your weapon after a million runs.Waiting?  If I'm doing something else I just leave the party.  If they're doing something else and the party is full I kick them to make room.Also, you do realize that crafting can use instant delivery so you don't have to walk to a big city, right?Friends?  I have gotten only 1 friend request in all my times of leveling to 50 on 2, soon to be 3 characters.  And that one time I had no qualms declining.  90% of my parties, we just got the quests done without saying a word to each other.People almost never check general chat because faction clutters it up too much.  Hence nobody sees what people say in /s.  I spam it asking "party pls" and nobody notices or does a thing.  FeelsBadMan.The bottom line is, if I'm farming mobs in the same area as you, please accept if there is room in your party so we can get these pointless leveling quests done earlier and more easily.  It only creates frustration when someone else is taking all the mobs, especially if they are a ranged character who can tag everything before melees even get a hit in (I leveled a BD and BM as alts, so I fully understand).  If you don't accept my invite, that's fine, but please either leave or change channels and let me have this area because you were the one who didn't want to party up.	bladeandsoul	1466728048
It's not \_that\_ bad, it's more damage than RL2 against grabbed or grappled targets as long as people don't Soulburn on top of CC	bladeandsoul	1466729899
Legendary weapon with awakened siren accessories EleGiggle	bladeandsoul	1466737980
Sooooo...do the OG Championship Rivens get anything for this?  The same way the OG limited skins got the loading screen borders?	leagueoflegends	1466759083
What is the minimum amount of gear/levels I have to be to hit 450 AP?  I am leveling a BM alt and want to not get kicked/have people leave when I do 6 mans, and I want to be able to carry my weight in all dungeons up to Asura and Nexus.The gear that I can afford right now and put on as soon as I get the required levels and breakthrough/evolution materials (minus the soulstones but I can get those easily on my FM main) are: Awakened Oathbreaker Sword, True Siren Earring/Ring, Awakened Oathbreaker Bracelet, Siren Belt, Hongmoon Energy 1.The gear I am planning to get through dungeons are: Python Necklace (658/6/278), Asura Necklace (533/12/192), Scorpio Belt (3k HP or 2.6k HP+heal), Warrior Tokens (for True Siren accessories), level 50 HM 4 or 5Is all of the above enough to easily do 6 mans?	bladeandsoul	1466783498
Leveling: Stalker (6) -&gt; Viridian Valor (20) -&gt; Deva (optional) -&gt; Pinchy (optional) -&gt; Cinderlands Renowned Valor (36, fuse Pinchy into it) -&gt; Profane (42) -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor (45) -&gt; level 50Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/248 Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1466783713
Be Ido is strictly better, it's just that a fresh 50 won't have the AP to do Maze for a while unless there's a clan with overgeared people to help	bladeandsoul	1466807969
Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/248 Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1466808792
I just got back from a 3-week vacation...it was fun, but glad I can finally do dungeons and catch up on dailies again \\o/	bladeandsoul	1466869479
It's okay at best.  It's not really a game changer like HM Blazing Beam, HM Phantom Grip (Chi Bomb/Multiple Blaze), or HM Block (for BMs).  You also don't have enough points for it.  I wouldn't use it if I were you.	bladeandsoul	1466879180
From my DPS spreadsheet, if you have at least 50% crit with no bracelet equipped, True Oathbreaker &lt; Asura &lt; Awakened Python for most average damage skills.	bladeandsoul	1466892551
Yes, ctrl click is the same as right click (tries to list item for sale)	bladeandsoul	1466910305
1. LR2 or RL2 is the standard damage rotation.  Squeeze in a Force Blast (1) there if you need to refresh burn.  XFVX is the HM Inferno rotation, XVX if you have not-amazing ping.2. RMB should generate a frost orb on crit, and LMB may or may not depending on your spec.  LRF or RLF if you have T3S1 LMB.  LRLF or RLF until you get Fire Fury, then LRF or RLF if you have T3S2 LMB.3. Nothing is required yet, HM Inferno is cheap and HM Blazing Beam is pretty good.  HM Force Blast and HM Blazing Palm are straight numbers increases, so you only need those if you have an insane amount of money and are HM10+.  HM Shadow Grasp (Chi Bomb and Multiple Blaze) is going to be the best HM skill when it comes out at the end of the year.	bladeandsoul	1466952240
FM is better if you just want credit/prestige because Soulburn gives other people more damage, reducing your chance to get credit/the prestige you get	bladeandsoul	1466952562
Does that mean you are working on the right click bug and arrow issue as well as the shift click bug?  Thank you for your work!	bladeandsoul	1466952682
rip me and my entire clan just DC'd as well lol	bladeandsoul	1466967140
rip me and my entire clan just DC'd as well lol	bladeandsoul	1466967143
rip me and my entire clan just DC'd as well lol	bladeandsoul	1466967156
I heard the legendary for both isn't worth getting until you can one-shot stage 6 or so.  I don't play Warlock so I don't know about that one.  I have a BD alt, and the Seraph damage is better for BD, but you're better off waiting to upgrade until (if?) they change it to "on hit" instead of "on being hit."	bladeandsoul	1466967842
It's also the most annoying thing as an FM when people use SB during grab or CC because we lose our Awakened ability.	bladeandsoul	1466991241
Take 2 points out of Fire Fury, 1 point out of Second Wind, 1 point out of Frost Armor, 1 point out of Blazing Beam, 1 point out of Phantom Grip, and 1 point out of Short FusePut 1 point in Frost Palm (no threat), 3 points in Windstorm (no threat), 1 point in Wildfire, and 2 points in Ice Coil (Cold Snap)Change LMB to middle tree unless you're running with a WarlockSo your build would be this https://bnstree.com/FM?build=501000025531256423811126533125313943123833250113801110653251232353330022120112662324151263212494123922237222431141011	bladeandsoul	1467000655
Old post lol, just updated	bladeandsoul	1467040064
Any soul shield from the same region, that is.  (Aka you can't fuse a Viridian Primer into a Yeti SS.)	bladeandsoul	1467100625
FM: Tab 5 -&gt; sheath 3BM (HM Block last 3): SS -&gt; 3 -&gt; E -&gt; 2 (Multislash) -&gt; LMB (Cyclone) -&gt; HM BlockBD (no HM abilities): SS -&gt; Q -&gt; E -&gt; X (5 point) -&gt; Z (Guardian Tempest, 3) -&gt; MaelstromBD (HM Maelstrom last 2): SS -&gt; Q/E -&gt; X (5 point) -&gt; Z (Guardian Tempest, 3) -&gt; HM MaelstromBD (HM Maelstrom frostquake): SS -&gt; Q -&gt; E -&gt; X (5 point) -&gt; Z (Guardian Tempest, 3) -&gt; SS, HM Maelstrom	bladeandsoul	1467122367
It depends on your class.  For BD it doesn't really make a difference, for FM and BM it changes stance, and I don't play anything else (I think Summoner and Warlock have completely different Q and E but I'm not sure).	bladeandsoul	1467123267
And this is why you always carry at least 30g on you before doing a merchant dungeon.	bladeandsoul	1467123523
And this is why you always carry at least 30g on you before doing a merchant dungeon.	bladeandsoul	1467143795
4 points in RMB and 3 points in Windstorm is an absolute must in order to not take aggro from the tanks.  Your DPS is so high that you need as little threat as possible.Fire Z is a DPS loss.  I literally never press that button unless killing mobs or AoEing Be Ido drills lol.	bladeandsoul	1467177458
Full Naksun I think	bladeandsoul	1467219655
Leveling: Cinderlands Renowned Valor (36) -&gt; Profane (42) -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor (45)Don't worry about fusing any soul shields until you get to Silverfrost.  It's not really worth it since you replace them so quickly anyway.  If you want to you can fuse Profane into Bloodshade/Lab, but don't go out of your way to buy or make anything.Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/248 Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1467229520
You know how you needed 110% accuracy to have everything hit on Poharan, Hae Mujin, Blackwyrm, etc.?  You now need 120% accuracy to hit all the bosses in Sogun's Lament, Sundered Nexus, and every single purple dungeon from here on out without fail.  Many of the bosses require CC as a mechanic, so if you don't have 120% you could lose DPS or, even worse, miss a CC that will wipe your party.	bladeandsoul	1467245004
sir i would like to point out that you have 47% crit even with oathbreaker bracelet LMAO	bladeandsoul	1467261188
At this point, you're probably better off getting True Python/Scorpio/Yeti accessories and waiting on legendary if you just want pure DPS, the reset is good for Inferno/Meteor/Frost Armor but doesn't do anything for sheath since you still get the debuff	bladeandsoul	1467302110
It's mostly because people have groups to farm 4 mans with.  I have been playing since release, and I have a 600 FM, 530 BD, and level 40 BM (which is going to be ~450).  The officers in my clan are around 670 AP (one has legendary stage 3, one has True Scorpio + maxed accessories, one has legendary stage 1 + almost maxed accessories) because all they do is farm 4 mans with each other, so they get rich really fast.  Usually they even 2 or 3 man it to get more drops (at the cost of other people's farming opportunities, but that's a different story).  It's kind of a pity, really, because if I had more time to play, had a dedicated farming group (not many people in our group talk very much so it's super hard to find people to do stuff with e_e), and put all my gold in 1 character, I would absolutely for sure be where they are.	bladeandsoul	1467303033
How much AP do you have?  You pretty much can only use it if you run with people who can hold aggro over you.  Since I have 600 AP and often take aggro if I don't make parties asking 580+, I either run with people higher AP than me or make sure I have a tank class in the party.But to answer you question, if you have a competent party and sub-150 ping (to ani-cancel XFVX), then yes HM Inferno is a DPS boost.	bladeandsoul	1467304022
&gt;I really hate the Forcemaster FreezeUh it's on a lower cooldown than HM block and costs 2 skill points instead of 5 skill points and 300g...not to mention most pug BMs don't have HM block anyway	bladeandsoul	1467304795
That's relating to the rest of the DPS not just that 1 skill lol, if you're tanking you will only get off 1 Inferno the entire fight	bladeandsoul	1467307368
perfect example of the cancer that is faction chat	bladeandsoul	1467307942
he was bitching at you for bid warring over a useless windshock weapon? wat	bladeandsoul	1467343825
You've never upgraded your weapon or accessories past Awakened Blight?	bladeandsoul	1467343895
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/3 piece Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1467390533
I'm playing on a MacBook Pro.  I don't usually have problems downloading the game unless I'm on bad Internet, but my FPS is absolutely horrible (like 15 max) so alongside my 60-200 ping, the game is really difficult to play and I can't really get much credit in SSP and things like that.	bladeandsoul	1467390928
The crashing part depends on how good your computer is, I always freeze during Suljun and Grindtooth and lag during everything else so it's really hard to get credit even as a 600 AP FM.The bots part depends on the time of day.  The best time for blues to do SSP is 6-10 hours after reset because that's when the bots aren't out.  When it is nighttime in Texas, it's impossible to do mining because the red bots and hackers just destroy everyone.	bladeandsoul	1467391097
Uhm, I definitely know about what's going on lol.  I have been doing (attempting to do) SSP every single day on my FM once I hit 50.  The thing that frustrates me the most is that people don't give a fuck about mining and then come back only for Grindtooth.  It's completely unfair for me to work my ass off to hold the waves during mining phase...and then I can't get credit on Grindtooth because suddenly 3 parties of 650+ AP people show up and make my computer freeze as soon as he spawns.	bladeandsoul	1467410841
I can get loot on the pigs (unless they group in middle, then I generally miss one), but that's not the problem I'm addressing here.  Read the whole post before you comment with something completely irrelevant.And about your first point, my first main was a BD but I switched mains once 50 patch hit solely because of SSP.	bladeandsoul	1467437238
20 min cd is a bit harsh I think.  It would screw over the people who load into a dead channel or inactive battle channel because it would force them to relog due to pure bad luck.	bladeandsoul	1467437329
The second point is interesting.  24 people would be a lot healthier in terms of credit, and it is definitely enough to do most things, maybe pushing it a little for Hwang Po/Yong/Yeomchul/Ugum.  I wonder if 24 is enough to do Kang Gwi/Ak Bul though?	bladeandsoul	1467438218
Your bracelet is worse than 13/481 Asura until it reaches Awakened Python.  If you feel like upgrading, upgrade all your other accessories first, then upgrade your bracelet when your ring, earring, and necklaces are maxed out (in that order).	bladeandsoul	1467438845
Lol, I was trying to spam this on my BM alt since I thought I would get easy speed runs from level 50s.  I ended up spending over an hour in 19 runs getting the 10 run achievement because people refused to wait.	bladeandsoul	1467442872
It's sad that this is considered the norm, and people don't realize how much it actually screws over others...	bladeandsoul	1467448641
None, because OWPvP can never be balanced.	bladeandsoul	1467475699
5-10 seconds is too soon, I'd say about 15 so other people can build aggro because FMs can't nuke/build orbs right away	bladeandsoul	1467476006
A few things:1. I think you meant Lyn Blade Master for the KD part?  LBM is the best at joint chaining KD, so ideally they would follow up with you.2. Bastion stops you from getting rooted so you can just run through the flowers, but they still poison you.	bladeandsoul	1467478332
The daily challenge is worth doing because you get extra rewards (box always and pouches for now) for doing them.  The dailies depend.  I never do 24 mans and I don't even do my Lair/Yeti half the time because farming 4-mans like Asura give more expected gold than simply doing everything once.	bladeandsoul	1467478484
If you PvE a lot you can sell training certificates to clans that are crafting HM pellets, I heard that the zen bean cost for volume 3 is really high	bladeandsoul	1467588363
HM block is amazing for PvE, it's so good that people will often bypass your AP and let you in parties regardless of requirements if you have it	bladeandsoul	1467588593
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/3 piece Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1467588714
Nope, my alt got both her brilliant keys just fine.	bladeandsoul	1467588828
I totally thought this was a Deltora type of thing at first.	mildlyinteresting	1467590005
500 AP is more than enough to do Nexus.  It requires more mechanics than gear so as long as people aren't blind or lagging it is very easily doable.  Have you ever tried making your own 500+ party in F8?	bladeandsoul	1467647560
If you can't afford True Infernal at this point then you have a long, difficult road ahead of you...you're not gonna reach a level that people will comfortably take you in for a very very long time.  Just stick to farming Moonwater and maybe early Silverfrost (Lair/Necro, you can't do Yeti) 6 mans.  Open world dailies like Shiverstone give you a lot of money and exp as well, so make sure to do those every single day.  SSP is gonna be impossible for you to get credit on anything (except Heuk Bulmu/Yachun) until about Awakened or True Breeze.	bladeandsoul	1467681359
Summoner if you want to play a braindead but strong class/never fail in pugs/solo content/do PvP, FM if you want to farm SSP/get highest pure DPS numbers/and are okay with not having any real party buffs, Warlock if you have a reliable clan/farming group that you want to buff and are okay with doing less damage and not PvPing	bladeandsoul	1467682868
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/Full Naksun/Sparring 124 + Challenger 35678Secondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1467688092
Masteries?  This isn't League lmfao.For PvE, here's an early level 50 build for dungeons: https://bnstree.com/BD?build=50020021002140021104215113118121404223072110331129113003111132200233043140731126511443315712Use wind build with Sunder and Rolling Typhoon to clear mobs.  Spec Guardian Tempest and Dual Strike into healing to cut down on potion usage.If you're doing dungeons, use Lightning Draw into Flicker T2S1 and Lightning Flash T2S2 ani-cancel for single-target damage.  You can also spec V into Storm Cleave for another way to get into draw stance.  Later on when you get the points, spec Soaring Falcon (T3S1) and Multislash (Rush T3S2) for focus regen.  Once you get more familiar with boss patterns you can switch Z to Flaming Scourge for dungeons that don't require specific iframes like Lab, Lair, Nexus, etc.	bladeandsoul	1467698027
Volcano Offering accessories that drop from BSC, BSH and Lab give a decent amount of exp, and nobody bids on them so you can get them all for 1c	bladeandsoul	1467702599
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/Full Naksun/Sparring 124 + Challenger 35678Secondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1467703635
For PvE, here's an early level 50 build for dungeons: https://bnstree.com/BD?build=50020021002140021104215113118121404223072110331129113003111132200233043140731126511443315712Use wind build with Sunder and Rolling Typhoon to clear mobs.  Spec Guardian Tempest and Dual Strike into healing to cut down on potion usage.If you're doing dungeons, use Lightning Draw into Flicker T2S1 and Lightning Flash T2S2 ani-cancel for single-target damage.  You can also spec V into Storm Cleave for another way to get into draw stance.  Later on when you get the points, spec Soaring Falcon (T3S1) and Multislash (Rush T3S2) for focus regen.  Once you get more familiar with boss patterns you can switch Z to Flaming Scourge for dungeons that don't require specific iframes like Lab, Lair, Nexus, etc.	bladeandsoul	1467739738
There are only 2 mandatory gems: AP diamond and life drain amethyst.  You won't be able to afford AP diamond at low levels, so one socket is enough.  A True Scorpio weapon is viable with only 2 slots, so as long as you get one extra slot somewhere down the line you'll never really have to worry about gem hammers.	bladeandsoul	1467773782
Python Necklace is better if you're close to a fresh 50 with low crit and no soul shield fusions.  The presence or absence of Asura Bracelet is irrelevant; it only depends on your current stats.  Once you get your crit high enough (like 53%) you should start upgrading your necklace because it'll be more worth the value, as the 658 crit from Python will be worth less and less.	bladeandsoul	1467774838
Assuming you have over 50% crit with no bracelet equipped, True Oathbreaker &lt; Asura &lt; Awakened Python &lt; True Python if you only consider pure DPS.  This is not counting skill effects that proc on crit such as Dark Strike/Lightning Pierce or Cyclone Kick/Searing Blow, or party buffs such as Fighting Spirit or Soulburn.  I would keep bracelet at Awakened Oathbreaker and leave it to be upgraded second to last.	bladeandsoul	1467824106
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/Full Naksun/Sparring 124 + Challenger 35678Secondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1467824190
Only if your weapon is True Scorpio and your other accessories are maxed	bladeandsoul	1467824341
Poharan Cerulean: Elite, PRC OxO, PRC QaQ, White Album, UnifiedPoharan Crimson: Soaring Dragon, UnicornIksanun Cerulean: Nohr, Moonlit Sunrise, All StarIksanun Crimson: Elysian, Archon, BravateComment below if I missed any&amp;nbsp;Edit: Iksanun is from what other people told me, I'm on Poharan server, so it might not be 100% accurateEdit: Jesus Christ Poharan people are salty over this comment.  There aren't really that many rank 15s lol.  I just interpreted key clans as high ranked clans that are active in faction stuff and the game in general, and I would consider us as pretty active compared to most others.  Just because a clan has a few super high geared people does not mean they are a key clan.  If you really want to be that fucking specific as to what you consider a key clan, then arguably Poharan Cerulean doesn't have a single one.	bladeandsoul	1467838379
Depends on your definition of "involved."  If you want to be that specific about what you call "involved," then you can say that Poharan doesn't have a single key clan because none of them have people that do everything.	bladeandsoul	1467848217
Gift-wrapped Poro.  Still the cutest icon in the game IMO.	leagueoflegends	1467859164
?  OW = open world or Overwatch?	bladeandsoul	1467859486
Alternately (my take on this), for bosses that require very frequent interrupting (like Blood Mane, Winter Mane, TE-1138 Heavenpiercer in robot phase, etc.), it is a good idea to communicate what CCs you have because the double is not always up, or it is not ideal to use it because you don't have enough points/lose too much DPS off a certain skill.  My main FM has all double CCs built in, so this pretty much only pertains to my BD and BM alts.For BD, Body Kick has a very low CD, but Anklebiter has a high CD.  Similarly for BM, Boot (specced to KD) has a very low CD, but Anklebiter has a medium CD and Soaring Falcon (specced to KD) has a high CD.  Therefore, if there is another BD/BM in the party, I will usually just use the single KD and let the other guy follow up.In another situation, BD is okay speccing 5-Point Strike to daze but loses a ton of damage if they spec Dual Strike to daze.  BM's Shoulder Charge dazes by default, but they lose a ton of damage if they spec Lunar Slash to daze.  Therefore, I almost never spec double daze on them because generally there is someone else that can reliably follow up with me.This is just my personal opinion, though, and this only works if you run in a premade or talk it out with the party beforehand.	bladeandsoul	1467866686
Derp that's right, I knew I was forgetting a skill there.  I don't have enough points to spec it right now though ;_;	bladeandsoul	1467914300
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/3 piece Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1467916643
3k crit and lab soul shields is absolutely unacceptable at that level.  At that rate you're just kinda dead weight.  I would kick you too.  Do some easy dungeons and get Yeti soul shields before trying to do hard stuff like Asura or Nexus.  On top of that, if your SS are that bad, I wouldn't trust you to know mechanics that well either.	bladeandsoul	1468008677
If I could afford a new computer, I would.	bladeandsoul	1468023852
For pugs, 550 for 6-man, 600 for 4-man	bladeandsoul	1468024278
I wrote a more updated soul shield guide: https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/Full Naksun/Sparring 124 + Challenger 35678Secondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1468088075
So you're saying that it is okay to auto-kick a BM who doesn't have HM Block?	bladeandsoul	1468088509
Other people covered this already, but leveling your soul shields should be: Stalker (6) -&gt; Viridian Valor (20) -&gt; Deva (29, optional) -&gt; Cinderlands Renowned Valor (36) -&gt; Profane (42) -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor (45)This will let you have enough HP to survive in each region.	bladeandsoul	1468096889
Saturday and Sunday are the worst dailies.  I have trouble finding an Asura or Nexus party on my main, and it's absolutely impossible to find one on my alt.	bladeandsoul	1468114725
You have a ton of buffs but no DPS to back it up.  You should have a FM or Summoner in there.  You'll also need the FM or Summoner because in your composition you don't have any projectile shields or party iframes, which are necessary for a lot of dungeons.	bladeandsoul	1468185567
If you can't beat Naksun but you can beat Ironheart, you can try to cheese with 12345 Naksun 678 Labyrinth and out-tankEdit: never mind, didn't realize you could buy pieces for badges lol	bladeandsoul	1468186244
that's starling on the left and noble of the sea on the right, correct? they look the same just recolored lol	bladeandsoul	1468186351
I wish I had that ping @_@ the most I can do is XVX, any more and I lose my second cast lol	bladeandsoul	1468186737
Ironheart is the floor 14 boss lolEdit: my bad made a mistake about the soul shields, thought you couldn't use naksun 7 or 8 at all	bladeandsoul	1468189344
Katarina when my team doesn't know how to teamfight	leagueoflegends	1468198138
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: Full Naksun/3 piece Challenger + 3 piece Sparring + 2 piece NaksunSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.&amp;nbsp;These sets have the best combinations of stats and set bonuses.  For example, the 5 piece bonus for Asura is amazing, but the 8 piece bonus isn't that good, so it's best to get a different set to compliment it.	bladeandsoul	1468208329
Blazing Beam for 99% of situations, you don't have enough focus to spam Dragonchar unless you have a buff such as from Asura flower.	bladeandsoul	1468241313
Sacrifice soul shield costs a ton of unsealing charms and gets replaced within a day.  If you don't have a level 50 main don't use it.	bladeandsoul	1468241377
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Leveling: Cinderlands Renowned Valor (36) -&gt; Profane (42) -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor (45) -&gt; 12468 Lab + 357 BloodshadeFresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/Full Naksun/Sparring 124 + Challenger 35678Secondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Maze 4), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.&amp;nbsp;These sets have the best combinations of stats and set bonuses.  For example, the 5 piece bonus for Asura is amazing, but the 8 piece bonus isn't that good, so it's best to get a different set to compliment it.	bladeandsoul	1468241507
Yeah, you should be running it at least 10 times for the achievement.  You need to do it for the Siren accessories anyway.About the BSH bopae, just get a few pieces to buff your HP, don't worry about min/maxing it.  You just need enough pieces to not get destroyed by all the Silverfrost mobs.	bladeandsoul	1468244731
This progression is wrong, Cinderlands 1 and Moonwater 1 have barely any stats.  Also Cinderlands 2 and Moonwater 2 are the ones you need to equip for the achievement, not 1.	bladeandsoul	1468244928
The stats aren't that big, but you need the achievement points to buy stuff from the vendor.  You also will need about that many runs to get every single Pirate accessory.	bladeandsoul	1468270830
Soul Fighter number of iframes balanced Kappa	bladeandsoul	1468274589
you better be spending money on the game with that RNG lmao	bladeandsoul	1468305968
True Oathbreaker &lt; Asura &lt; Awakened Python if you fuse all your soul shields with crit, if you don't fuse at all it's better to just go with Awakened Oathbreaker because you'll be losing out on a lot with only 50% crit	bladeandsoul	1468307529
Yep, precisely this.  This is also the reason why Iruga has 12 million HP.	bladeandsoul	1468363516
BM is actually the class I am leveling and learning right now, so this is helpful, thank you	bladeandsoul	1468363650
It's really fun so far, it's super different learning how to tank bosses instead of brainlessly playing my FM main haha	bladeandsoul	1468365479
600 AP is recommended to cover for screwing up mechanics or people dying.  550 is doable though if everyone knows what they're doing.  You also should get 120% accuracy or else you might get screwed if you miss in Iruga.	bladeandsoul	1468369230
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/12348 Asura + 567 Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Nexus 4, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1468369451
On a side note, HM Lightning Draw is available from the achievement vendor for only 70 Naryu Silver, so it's not worth spending a ton of gold for it.  Just farm up to 1250 achievement points and you can get it essentially for free.	bladeandsoul	1468433110
On top of that, I don't think they can actually activate the book until they're level 50 lol.	bladeandsoul	1468436812
Do:* Spec Force Blast (T3S3 Impact) and Blazing Beam (T3S3 Dragonchar).  Those are your main DPS skills.* Spec T3S2 Blazing Palm if there is no Warlock in the party.  If there is...well, up to you, T3S2 is still good, but you can go T3S1 if you're lazy with using Fire Fury lol.* Ani-cancel well.  Your main damage comes from ani-cancelling LR2 or RL2.  Good ping helps with this.* Ani-cancel HM Inferno (T5S1), if you have it.  I do XFX or XVX because my ping is bad, but you may be able to squeeze in XFRVX or something like that.&amp;nbsp;Don't:* Spec auto-detonate (T4S1 Blazing Palm).  It will fuck over all FMs in your party, including yourself.* Spec AoE LMB (T3S3 Blazing Palm).  There is literally no reason to do that except clearing mobs in Necro or Asura.  I had 2 FMs do that in my Lair out earlier today and that made us fail the training dummies part.* Go ice build in a Silverfrost purple dungeon.  You can use it to troll around in blues and Moonwater content, but the DPS just doesn't cut it for Silverfrost purples.* Blow all your skills at the start of a fight.  If you Inferno-Meteor Storm right at the beginning, you're pretty much guaranteed to take aggro.  Let the aggro holders get some damage in and only use LMB RMB on the boss until it drops to about 97%, and then go all out.* Randomly sheath attacks that are dodgeable in a dungeon that requires mechanics.  Using sheath makes the whole party unable to be protected for a period of time, so if you fuck up and sheath 10 s before TE-1137 Heavenpiercer's earthquake, may God have mercy on your soul.	bladeandsoul	1468485721
If you have 2 Warlocks in your party, you can probably get away with left tree and just spam LRF or LRLRF during SB.Also about the Inferno part...eh, not much I can do about it.  I already have it anyway so it's be a waste not to use it lol.	bladeandsoul	1468516470
So is it more worth it to buy keys to open my boxes or just sell the keys and buy moonstones?	bladeandsoul	1468520057
How do you propose getting to the Cerulean Plains Camp without windstriding then?	bladeandsoul	1468534996
except the blues can't fight so the reds win anyway lmao	bladeandsoul	1468539664
Poharan blue here.  It's a complete shitfest and nobody in cerulean is organized or willing to fight back so the reds just kill every single mining channel we get.	bladeandsoul	1468543645
It doesn't reset between sessions so you can get some prestige, afk and eat/shower/do laundry/read Reddit/whatever for like 15 minutes, and come back and keep building prestige during the next session.	bladeandsoul	1468548367
Well no, but if you're at like 250 at the end of battle phase and you have to go do something anyway might as well stay for 1 wave to get the 300 box.Also yes it technically is if you're farming nonstop, but not everyone has a reliable static farming group (like me).	bladeandsoul	1468594268
I'm going to have to disagree with you on the last point only.  I never carry field repair tools on me or buy them because they're so expensive.  If your weapon is low durability in a difficult dungeon just repair before you go in lol.  In the worst case you can just escape/escape charm out to repair and walk back in.  The first 4 are an absolute must though.	bladeandsoul	1468614441
I'm sorry the ordering and inconsistency in dungeon names really triggers me lolhttp://imgur.com/o6lwUh3	bladeandsoul	1468692021
Here's a HM4 build, not sure how low you need the level: https://bnstree.com/FM?build=5004000255322564226533125313943123833250113801110633251232353324151263212493123922237222431141011If you're a new character and don't have HM Inferno just change Inferno to 2nd middle tree, that should save you 2 levels.	bladeandsoul	1468693102
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/12348 Asura + 567 Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Nexus 4, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1468698603
soulstone reward doesn't matter, add moonstones to the daily reward and it'll be fine	bladeandsoul	1468707318
Lightning Draw (BSH): Lightning Draw Training Secret achievement.  Unlocked by using the item Lightning Draw Volume 2, acquired from BSH, achievement merchant (requires 1250 achievement points), or Cold Storage merchant (costs 120 Freezing Orbs).  Requires a series of quests, including hitting 3 different bosses 10 times each with the skill.  Unlocks first 3 trees of Lightning Draw, second one is used for PvE, not sure about PvP.Lightning Draw (Zen Bean): Hongmoon Secret Technique Lightning Draw achievement.  Acquired by eating Royal Zen Bean (5000 zen beans).  Unlocks last tree of Lightning Draw.  Useless skill, never get this.Block: Fateful Tome Block achievement.  Unlocked by combining Lost Hongmoon Secret Technique Volume 2 Chapters 1 and 2, acquired from Yeti and Necro 4 man.  About 250-300 gold if purchased from market.  Unlocks second and third tree of Block, third one (Winged Protector) is used in PvE.  Unquestionably the best PvE HM skill in the game.	bladeandsoul	1468716141
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full Yeti **this is the answer to your questionLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/12348 Asura + 567 Twisted**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/12468 Asura + 357 TwistedVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do Asura/Nexus 4, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1468727195
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4qvbji/my_solution_to_the_grindtooth_problem/I made a thread about this like a week or 2 ago, but yeah same issue.  620 AP FM, can easily clear all 4 man content easily, haven't seen a Grindtooth box for about a month and a half.	bladeandsoul	1468776796
Man this question is asked soooo many times now, and it's always like the exact same thing @___@	bladeandsoul	1468777046
Where the Wind Sleeps -Song of the Empress, Awakened Necropolis music during defending, Sogun's Lament music during Ken and Gen fight (still can't find videos for those T___T)	bladeandsoul	1468777681
[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have all the exact soul shield stats and max fuse values.  When you plan on fusing a soul shield into another, go to "upgrade equipment" on the main SS and right-click on the feeder SS.  It will tell you what stat will be fused onto your main SS, the range of possible values, and the cost to fuse (usually some powders + some soulstones).   Green soul shields usually have lower fuse values than blue ones, and artisanal primers and purple piece 7s/8s have about the same.	bladeandsoul	1468780329
&gt;their enrage timers are short for 4-man damagewot you can duo it easily with 650 AP lol, i've beat 4 man when i was at like 550if you're hitting enrage that means you aren't doing the mechanics right, no amount of AP is gonna help you with that	bladeandsoul	1468818604
What's wrong with me calling out to my clan where Bay Lee is spawning?  I'm just helping them out to let them save time.  You can do the same.  It's not SSP, it's not like it's hard to get credit on it (since it's only 1%).  I can get credit on it with both of my alts, which are melee.	bladeandsoul	1468867665
I just wish they would either reduce the cost of untradeable upgrade materials like Warrior's Tokens or buff their drop rates.  It's so annoying being stuck farming shitty Mushin's Tower or blue dungeons.	bladeandsoul	1468896491
Even Multiple Blaze is a DPS loss?  According to a video I saw (can't find many of it being used against bosses), it's an instant cast, fire and forget skill with a 85 AP scaling.  It's not even hard to hit since it's similar to BM's Blade Call, which requires the boss to be still for 5s as well and isn't too much of an issue.  That looks kinda broken to me tbh.  Is there a catch that I'm missing?	bladeandsoul	1468944198
Nope, I don't play Warlock.  I only play FM BD and BM.  Anyone have an example from these characters?  Is it like FM unspecced Divine Veil/BM Sword Shroud?	bladeandsoul	1468945871
I don't know what Imprison does.  Is it like FM unspecced Divine Veil/BM Sword Shroud?	bladeandsoul	1468945995
Wait with the mystic badge it's gonna be insanely broken in PvP lol	bladeandsoul	1468998587
Wait with the mystic badge it's gonna be insanely broken in PvP lol	bladeandsoul	1468998602
I would farm for now and buy the offals when the prices go down.  They're gonna be insane right after patch when the whales are buying them.	bladeandsoul	1469025324
A big thing about PvP is HM skills.  If you don't do PvE to farm gold/achievement points and get your skill books, you'll be at an inherent disadvantage in PvP.	bladeandsoul	1469025499
Look at the positioning of the X's and seals on the items.	bladeandsoul	1469045576
oops typo fixed	bladeandsoul	1469050772
Yeah, the savings seem super low compared to what we got from the Mushroom Nebula Stone :/	bladeandsoul	1469052597
Dear God, that picture quality and angle... -___-But yeah, I guess it's an intended change this patch lol.	bladeandsoul	1469094449
All rare drops for Silverfrost dungeons (edit: besides sealed flower of lament, apparently, although I have never seen one in my 50+ Asura 6 runs so I was skeptical for a long time) are in 4 man mode only	bladeandsoul	1469158198
And here I am playing on a Mac.  11 FPS right now while standing still, 15 on a good day.  Computer freezes at Bay Lee and Grindtooth.  Kill me.	bladeandsoul	1469158270
You need to cheese your way to 500 AP somehow or else no party in F8 is gonna take you for Silverfrost dungeons.  (Before you crucify me, my BM is at 490 AP and I get kicked from every single Yeti and Necro party.  Nobody joins my party when I try to host one, so that doesn't help either.)  Any lobby with a lower requirement is rare, so you'll just have to hope to get extremely lucky.  Get soul, get Awakened Oathbreaker Bracelet (no Python/Asura Bracelet is not better with shit crit rate), equip accessories to artificially inflate your AP, and do exp quests for HM levels.	bladeandsoul	1469200932
And here I am as a 490 HM3 BM looking at how I'm able to hold aggro vs 550s and why you guys are all dead before I am.  What was that about low APs being bad again?	bladeandsoul	1469201349
...yep, at least in my experience.  I was preeeeeetty mad for a good half hour yesterday until one of my clan mates got on a 520 alt and hosted a party for me lol.	bladeandsoul	1469201716
Today is Daily Challenge day for Narrows, so there are gonna be a ton of level 50s there.  Dicks will be dicks.  There is nothing NCSoft can do besides take Narrows out of DC.  Best thing to do is solo it, wait a day, or do it in a premade duo/group.	bladeandsoul	1469225702
The mobs all have AoE attacks, so you can get hit by stray attacks.  BM doesn't have a CC break skill.  If you get stunned by a gunner, the only thing you can do is Tab; BM doesn't have any skill that lets them run though mobs quickly like BD/Destroyer spin or FM's non-targeted Q and E.  On top of that, if you trail behind, the 50s start the bosses early and don't wait for everyone to get in the zone, so either you chase the high level players or you die to fire.  When I was doing Narrows leveling my BM, I literally had to ask my clan to power through it for me because the randoms kept leaving me behind.  You're grossly overestimating the durability of a level 20 with Viridian Valor soul shield.	bladeandsoul	1469226683
Just don't do daily challenge that day lol.  Easy.I personally don't even care about it half the time anymore when it only ever gives me 0g or 1g.  I'd rather do corallite dungeons or farm 4 mans/SSP anyway.	bladeandsoul	1469292064
You need Cyclone and 5 Point Strike specced to generate extra threat.  Without those skills you might as well not play BM lol.  It's also good to spec Multislash (Rush) and 5 Point Strike to ready Cyclone on resist.Start with Blade Call and go in with Multislash.  This usually makes you dodge the boss's first attack and proc Cyclone, which gives your Blade Call damage increased threat.  Then switch to draw stance with (HM) Lightning Draw and use 5 Point Strike for even more threat, timing it to resist an attack if you didn't Cyclone before.  If I get both Cyclone and 5 Point in in the first 5 seconds of the battle, my 490 True Oathbreaker BM can hold aggro vs even 550+ True Breeze Summoners and FMs.	bladeandsoul	1469292848
It's ok, the twins are the hardest bosses of the dungeon.  If you can clear twins the rest of the dungeon is easy.	bladeandsoul	1469292958
Just don't do daily challenge that day.  You don't have to do it every day.  Problem solved.	bladeandsoul	1469293038
Skypetal, Silverfrost, and Stormbringer are the evolution weapons.  Oathbreaker is the HM weapon stage after True Profane and before Awakened Oathbreaker.	bladeandsoul	1469293164
They just need to increase Faded Scale drop amount from Zaiwei Ruins boxes and give Faded Scales and Ivory Dragon Scales as a % chance to drop from the dynamic quest box.  That'll help lower the prices to an acceptable rate.	bladeandsoul	1469293546
Harder than Nexus, about same difficulty as Asura, in the sense that one person can't solo carry all the mechanics of the fight.	bladeandsoul	1469294099
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Leveling: Viridian Valor (20) -&gt; Deva (29, don't keep rolling for full set if you get your weapon early) -&gt; Cinderlands Renowned Valor (36) -&gt; Profane (42) -&gt; Moonwater Renowned Valor (45) -&gt; 12468 Lab + 357 BloodshadeFresh 50: 12468 Lab + 357 Bloodshade/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiUndergeared/not enough accuracy for 4 mans: 12348 Asura + 567 Be IdoDecently geared/Awakened Scorpio Earring or higher/in 6 mans: 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido (this is the case for most people)Very high geared/can do Tower of Infinity: 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerFull tank/OWPvP: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/Full Naksun/Sparring 124 + Challenger 35678Secondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Artisanal Critical (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans), Silverfrost Artisanal Reflex (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1469301941
In my opinion, Taikhan/Corrupted Hae Mujin is easier than twins.  There are much fewer things that can instantly kill you and the only thing you really have to be watching for is where he throws the non-corrupted water blob.	bladeandsoul	1469306308
My solution: add moonstones as a guaranteed drop from daily challenge box.  You know how stingers are already guaranteed drop?  Add moonstones as well.  This wouldn't put too many in circulation, but it would be enough to remedy the problem just a little bit.	bladeandsoul	1469340678
I can't tell if this guy is trolling or serious.  Every class is viable if you know how to play your class.	bladeandsoul	1469376987
Do you see my flair?  I get infinite focus on a very high damage skill (Windstorm) during Destroyer grab.  And when it comes down to it, it's more valuable to let me get free DPS on the helpless boss while the destroyer grabs.  Defensive HM Emberstomp lets you face tank any attack that will one-shot any other class like Scorpion Queen Yura's Nightmare Wave, TE-1138 Heavenpiercer's Earthquake, or Protean Lord Taikhan's triple jump (if you have no party iframes in your party).I would argue that Destroyer actually has less DPS while soloing because they can't do LMB RMB ani-cancel when they have to move around the boss, whereas if you have a good tank who can keep the boss in one place you can spam to your heart's content.	bladeandsoul	1469378358
Lol FM in PvP is actually really hard without HM Impact, Destroyer has a ton of CC resist and if we blow our Tab before Destroyer uses Fury we're boned	bladeandsoul	1469385520
I'm pretty sure it's just due to a combination of people getting cocky, ignoring mechanics, and not taking dragonblood	bladeandsoul	1469387756
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/12348 Asura + 567 Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1469433970
...how is it possible to have 212 AP at level 47?  Do you have like True Blight weapon or something?  Go do Narrows, Deva, Tomb, Hujikar, Profane Jiangshi, Brightstone, and BSC to upgrade your weapon and accessories to at least 350 and then you can try.	bladeandsoul	1469595849
For soul shields:https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/12348 Asura + 567 Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.&amp;nbsp;Here's an FM build, nothing should've changed too much but this is what you should be working toward: https://bnstree.com/FM?build=5004000255322564226533125313943123833250113801110633251232353324151263212493123922237222431141011	bladeandsoul	1469596267
Those are already old content lol.  Necro book is like 150-180g and Yeti book is like 230-300g.	bladeandsoul	1469640240
That's a different skill from the Yeti/Necro book one though, I want the Fateful Tome block not the Hongmoon Secret Technique block	bladeandsoul	1469640319
If you have friends that can carry you in Yeti that would be ideal, if not then do Lab/Bloodshade mix until you get enough AP to join 6 man Yeti parties.	bladeandsoul	1469640423
For 6 mans?  F8 asks for 500 generally but it is clearable at 420 if everybody knows mechanics.  I'd say 450 is a safe place if you're able to find a clan/group to help you out, 480 if you try to ninja your way into F8 parties.	bladeandsoul	1469650938
Siren means that you're on the old path.  The Siren/Pirate path was removed about a month and a half ago, and the only way to upgrade your weapon is going through the Oathbreaker/Breeze path.  Your weapon now goes Awakened Siren -&gt; True Siren -&gt; True Oathbreaker -&gt; Awakened Breeze -&gt; True Breeze -&gt; Awakened Scorpio -&gt; True Scorpio -&gt; Baleful.  Just keep upgrading it and it will just go naturally to endgame.  It is much more expensive than the old path, though, but that's something you don't really have a choice about.	bladeandsoul	1469670289
It's this one high geared summoner in a red Poharan clan using full PvP soul shield and skill build solely to troll undergeared blues.	bladeandsoul	1469695244
Lol, I've been playing BM for a month and I can hold aggro vs 600+ people in 6 man mode when I was 480 so I do agree that most BMs are shit	bladeandsoul	1469726777
Not if you don't let me Cyclone + 5 Point before you blow all your big damage skills and steal my aggro.	bladeandsoul	1469728944
I know what my skills do, thank you very much.  That's already better than half the people in this game.&gt;Holding aggro doesn't make you good, but losing it just makes you garbage.And thanks for perpetrating this double standard for tanks.  This is the reason why I main FM.	bladeandsoul	1469729750
Believe me, I've tried.  I've rolled 4 Python necklaces and none of them had crit.	bladeandsoul	1469731254
Yeah I seriously hate how the community here responds to stuff sometimes, makes me wonder why I even still try posting.	bladeandsoul	1469733410
What this guy said.  I literally made a BM out of rage because I was tired of getting screwed by all the shit BMs out there lmao.	bladeandsoul	1469734120
And you want the top 1% to become even richer?  No thank you.  If anything this should be there as a challenge/achievement/title/outfit thing only, nothing different in terms of sellable loot.	bladeandsoul	1469890294
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/12348 Asura + 567 Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1469926202
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/12348 Asura + 567 Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1470029704
Stomping low level and poor people as a nearly max geared character isn't hard lol	bladeandsoul	1470081335
Good we always need ways to get rid of those pesky Rattatas	AnimalsBeingDerps	1470109498
Weapons: HM elements from daily dash or alpine weaponsAccessories: HM jewels from daily dash or volcano offering accessories or alpine accessories	bladeandsoul	1470268014
Good.  We don't need to make dungeons more unpuggable than they already are.	bladeandsoul	1470296084
Nope, not at all.  I am a 630 AP FM, and unless the party has a 670+ person (600+ for BM or KFM) I always end up tanking.  It's incredibly frustrating and gimps my DPS, making the run much more difficult than it has to be.  I have absolutely no qualms making very high AP parties and kicking anyone who doesn't meet the requirement, unless they speak up and specifically say something to convince me otherwise.	bladeandsoul	1470296682
my cells are shrinking because of the amount of salt here lol this game doesn't want you anyway	bladeandsoul	1470298104
I didn't put any gold math in there, but the values should be accurate.  But you have to take into account the gold cost to get the weapon to stage 5.  I've never gotten a weapon past stage 4, so I think you get more money selling the corallite and buying the mat difference than buying shit tons of corallite only to fail over and over again.	bladeandsoul	1470334381
In my full phantom grip combo, I took about 5k damage from them just smacking me.  And when they grip me, I have no idea how to smack them back.  What ability is this?  How do I use this ability?  Do I just smash the key while I'm grabbed/gripped?	bladeandsoul	1470377556
Everywhere I read about PvP it says BM and Warlock are at the bottom.  BM has a losing matchup against everyone except FM and maybe WL.  But this was before HM Soaring Falcon was released.  Maybe the standings have changed last patch, but I'm too poor to afford the offals, as is about 90% of the playerbase.	bladeandsoul	1470381062
You need to have someone on the left edge of the arena kiting ice bombs.  When scarlet does her martial dance/omnislash, use sheath/HM block/block/counter while standing at the right edge of the arena so she doesn't jump around and fuck everyone else.  Try to keep the bosses' HP within 10% of each other so they don't desync flower spawns.	bladeandsoul	1470428577
From 15 boxes I got 200 SS 10 Stinger and 10 Moonstone.  You lucked out lmfao.	bladeandsoul	1470523637
It should be the same as all bosses starting from Asura/Nexus: 10% defense, 20% evasion (so 110% piercing, 120% accuracy)	bladeandsoul	1470718617
What do you buy to get this deal?  I don't see anything for 295 RP, only an Augment Bundle for 2950 and an Augment Essence Bundle for 1475.	leagueoflegends	1470764819
How do I get Augment Caches if I need Augment Cache Fragments to make one?	leagueoflegends	1470764896
Oh so it's a random drop from the RP boxes.  That's good enough, thank you.	leagueoflegends	1470765076
I could have sworn they stealth nerfed it lol.  I've gotten 0g from it the entire past week.And while we're at it, I haven't seen any seeds drop from 5 4-man Gloomdross run today, so that's that.	bladeandsoul	1470793155
Yeah okay, tell that to my parties who grapple Yeti after the CC killing us all, fail to defend core in Necro, don't CC Blood Mane/Winter Mane, die at Ken/Gen/Iruga/Asura for no reason, stack drills at Heavenpiercer, misposition lure at Baruk, and fuck up mechanics at twin snakes.  After all this time, people STILL don't fucking know how to run dungeons and do basic mechanics.  And you think people here are ready?New content is completely going to butt-fuck NA/EU.  Good luck pugging Tomb/Ebondrake when they come out.	bladeandsoul	1470817554
FM almost for sure.  HM Impact singlehandedly turns almost every melee matchup in their favor.  High level PvP is nigh unplayable without it.	bladeandsoul	1470889816
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/Twisted/Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/Twisted/OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1470991029
Yep, ~~120.2%~~ 120.1% with my real set.	bladeandsoul	1471022199
Edited, I had logged out in SSP so I was using my PvP set instead of my Asura/Ido set	bladeandsoul	1471022536
On the flip side, melees please try to do your job and tank the boss so the ranged classes don't get fucked.  I always wait about 5-10 s to start DPSing, so if I (650) am taking aggro either I'm like 100 AP over everyone else (which usually doesn't happen since I don't join parties below 600) or the melees are just REALLY REALLY bad.  Since everyone gets equal loot credit in dungeons, it shouldn't matter in the end anyway, so please don't make the ranged characters tank unless they're extremely overgeared.Edit: To everyone downvoting/crucifying me for this, I also have a 500 BM and I can keep aggro over people 100 AP higher than me if the party lets me have a couple seconds free to DPS/Cyclone, so yes I am qualified to make this comment.	bladeandsoul	1471080939
Pieces 1-5: Crafted Silverfrost Critical PrimerPieces 6-8: Artisanal Silverfrost Critical PrimerOnly fuse with the above if your pieces are near perfect (so basically max crit/accuracy with a good secondary roll).  Use Northern Critical Soul Shield if your pieces aren't perfect or if you're poor.	bladeandsoul	1471081223
https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4ohsf4/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these): 57 Bloodshade + some Lab Bloodshade mix/Full Northern Critical/Full YetiLow accuracy set (use this in 4 man Asura/Nexus/Masts/Incursion/Tomb if your earring is below True Oathbreaker and your secondary rolls are shit): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/Twisted/Oblivion**Standard set (use this for pretty much everything except the above in that specific situation): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/Twisted/OblivionVery high geared/can do Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (not enough accuracy and want to do hard 4 mans, fuse at most 2 pieces), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (OWPvP)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.	bladeandsoul	1471207758
Yes except this isn't really a solution because Misty Woods is gonna be super crowded after patch and I can't even do my dailies half the time already because 600 AP red trolls with PvP spec and crit defense soul shields destroy any low geared person trying to do stuff.If they're not gonna change this, they need to make Misty Woods less cancerous for lower geared characters.  18 days is absolutely ridiculous considering I already have enough money (using the new path costs) to go from True Oathbreaker to True Breeze.	bladeandsoul	1471231770
I understand the viewpoints in this thread and I agree with almost all of them, but I'd like to offer an alternative viewpoint:  I think it's okay to make a higher AP requirement than your own if you can make up for the damage with mechanics.For example, on my True Oathbreaker 500 BM alt, I only make rooms asking for 550+ in Asura/Nexus/Gloom/Masts (because most first char 500s don't know how to do the dungeons, somehow, so I'd prefer not to run with them).  However, I make up for the lack of AP in my own skill, threat generation, and HM Block.  If I didn't spend the 400g to get HM Block, I would be 550 anyway, so my party contribution is just as much if not more than the average 550.  In this case I think it is justified to post a higher requirement.	bladeandsoul	1471249912
Yeah it's pretty disgusting how people literally never pay attention to any chat or reason and kick arbitrarily based on a single number.  Like, I literally have 5 almost perfect Asura pieces and 3 almost perfect Be Ido pieces (so very experienced), with like 30 4 man clears on my main, and I'm not allowed to run _6 man_ Asura/Nexus/Gloom/Masts because of a random number?  What the fuck?	bladeandsoul	1471280453
Right, edited since not everyone takes 2 lol.Speaking of which, I wonder why Sogun has only 1 while all the other dungeons have 2...makes no sense IMO.	bladeandsoul	1471282831
Glee cover of Somebody to Love (original by Justin Bieber)	Music	1471283969
Wait so Iruga is not just me right?  I feel like his pattern is unusually difficult, since I can tank every other boss in Asura just fine.	bladeandsoul	1471285334
The second boss in Shattered Masts right after Slashimi area.  The one with the two fatties next to him and who spawns more adds during the battle.	bladeandsoul	1471285414
I am not LFPing Yeti/Asura/Nexus/Gloom/Masts because the last time I did, not a single person besides me knew the mechanics of the dungeon.  I can carry through tanking and some mechanics, but I can't carry a braindead/undergeared party when it comes to enrage timer.	bladeandsoul	1471286253
I still need to get legendary weapon, true (blank) accessories, and Multiple Blaze on my main.  I don't have that money to blow on an alt (not to mention I can't get 550 without Yeti Sword), so I am not needlessly spending so much money just so I can satisfy someone else's elitist party requirements for a dungeon I can already clear.	bladeandsoul	1471286461
This is why I use Venmo and PayPal.  My friends and I calculate the total cost together and agree on the tax/tip percentage before we pay.	LifeProTips	1471371078
git gud	bladeandsoul	1471392079
Lol I kept packet lossing and DCing in my 4m masts run...so much fun getting people killed	bladeandsoul	1471423240
Don't do any DPS other than LMB RMB for the first 5% or so, let other people generate some threat before you go all in.  Other than that, there's not much you can do other than simply afk when you get aggro and run around until someone else gets it.	bladeandsoul	1471457539
Edited since I forgot a pretty important fact in the OP	berkeley	1471489234
Another note I'd like to make is to please take FPS and ping into consideration.  Not everyone lives in America, and not everyone has amazing computer/Internet.  I myself live on the west coast playing on a Mac with mediocre Internet; I have a constant 150 ping with Mudfish, 15 FPS when standing still in town, and 7 FPS in combat.  I decided to quit my first main because I literally cannot ani-cancel Flicker and Lightning Flash properly.  I don't want to have to explain  in detail to every single party that I don't play in a particularly ideal situation.	bladeandsoul	1471506499
ofc it's choco that posts this LMAO	bladeandsoul	1471506526
140 corallite in, no weapon above stage 5.This event is terrible.	bladeandsoul	1471563460
3 piece sparring 3 piece challenger 57 Naksun	bladeandsoul	1471565340
will the offals and/or asura ember/chilling flame elixir be offered in this?  i hope so lol	bladeandsoul	1471575728
Wait is this a self heal for the summoner or a party heal?  Please tell me this is a party heal so summoners aren't boned for Taikhan lol	bladeandsoul	1471581547
I can't wait for this to happen.  Sure I'm not the best player, but I can finally see who's being lazy when (on the flip side) I have to tank on my 650 FM at 7 FPS and 150 ping with 2 700+ legendary weapon people in the party.	bladeandsoul	1471581946
This applies for all non-gap closer melee CCs that require you to walk up and hit the boss.  Heatwave is melee.  Body Kick is melee.  Anklebiter is melee.  Boot is melee.  Shoulder Charge is melee.  It doesn't matter what class I am, if you fuck up the blocks so badly to the point that I have to tank damage to hit him, then I am straight-up not using my CC because I am not going to walk up just to be knocked back and take half my health bar.	bladeandsoul	1471600070
BM can't double daze without losing basically all of their damage though so they can't really tank if Lunar Slash is specced to daze, not to mention it really fucks up the rotation.  I have never specced Lunar Slash to daze in PvE and will never do so.  All of our CC is melee too so we have to walk up and tank damage (I use HM Block here) to do it.  I myself only spec 2 KD 1 stun and 1 daze to not lose too much DPS, the party can deal with the rest.	bladeandsoul	1471600497
......why?  I bet that you can't keep aggro because of this.  If you use fire build, Dragontongue deceases Lunar Slash CD on hit, but it can't do that if Lunar Slash has no CD, so it's a complete waste.  If you use lightning build, you only have Raid and Sundering Sword (requires basic stance) to restore focus, and Honed Slash is incredibly focus heavy.  If you run daze on Lunar Slash and don't run out of focus, it's because you don't read what your skills do, you have a True Profane weapon, or you press too few keys and don't do enough damage.	bladeandsoul	1471627449
Yeah, we're gonna have less CC specced by default, so if BM wants to spec for CC, we sacrifice more DPS/iframes/utility than before in CC-heavy-mechanic boss fights like Iruga/Drill Sergeant/first boss of Ebondrake.	bladeandsoul	1471667467
I've pretty much never seen this happen, really.  If anything, this only applies when someone dies like 25% of the way in during a final boss fight and spends almost all of the fight dead, but they still bid on every single piece of loot that drops.  It's not against the rules, but it's just kinda shameful, that's all.	bladeandsoul	1471667635
All classes have bleed abilities, but not all of them can stack reliably.  I'm pretty sure the latter is what the OP meant.  I play FM (main), BD, and BM; I'm entirely reliant on my party to stack bleed in about 90% of my dungeon runs.  When the party comp is made of like...FM, BM, KFM, WL, it's not unusual to see the boss's bleed stacks drop off multiple times.And on the note of CC, I said it down below, but we don't lose our CC entirely.  We just have less CC specced by default, and we have to give up more DPS/iframes/utility than we do on the current patch to spec specially for CC-heavy-mechanic bosses.	bladeandsoul	1471668421
Lol yeah, if that was the case then I should be able to FM Phantom Grip/Frost Prison bosses...imagine the trolling that would happen if that was possible	bladeandsoul	1471668731
....did you even read what the new HM Breeze and HM Pierce do?	bladeandsoul	1471670226
It's reduced CD on Dual Dragons, not Dragonblaze.It's luxury if anything.  It's nice but not absolutely necessary.  It's not gonna be OP until Midnight Skypetal Plains is released.	bladeandsoul	1471729984
What is tech chasing?  I see that term a lot but don't know what it means.	bladeandsoul	1471737026
RMB is Divine Retribution right?  Isn't that only usable when gliding/out of combat?  How do you glide when you use Z on the ground?	bladeandsoul	1471738672
My daze is on Lunar Slash and my grapple escape is on Second Wind.  Is Second Wind supposed to be always specced to daze?And thanks a lot for the build/tips.	bladeandsoul	1471738795
Ah, gotcha.  That's something that will take a lot of practice to get right then lol.	bladeandsoul	1471740546
What is blink step?  I can't find the skill in the skill tree.	bladeandsoul	1471742366
Lol WL is like 50/50 for me, every other one is a shitter and then every other one after that just perma-snares me with HM Soul Shackle and somehow blocks every single attack even if I do get close/pull them...so frickin broken	bladeandsoul	1471742498
It's only slightly more forgiving, not much more forgiving.  There is no dragonblood in the dungeon in either mode.	bladeandsoul	1471754194
The PvP dailies are good for people who aren't geared enough to do dungeons like Asura/Masts or don't want to do cancerous dungeons like BSH/Lab/24 mans.  It's a great idea to keep them there.It's a horrible idea to make them require a win, though.  Why the fuck did they change it to 1v1 and 3v3 win instead of participate?  As a basically PvE only player who hates PvP, it takes forever for me to do it on my BM because it's lower HM level, it has fewer HM skills, and it's my least familiar character.  I get matched with super tryhard people and it's extremely frustrating to go nearly 10 rounds without a single win.  Even on my FM and BD, 2 classes I know better, it still takes at least 3 rounds to get a win. It's totally unfair and needs to be changed back to participate because requiring people to win is utter bullshit.	bladeandsoul	1471872300
RNG is RNG, sucks to suck	bladeandsoul	1471872571
It's 4-Ring 5-Earring 6-Necklace 7-Belt	bladeandsoul	1471887251
Oathbreaker bracelet or Awakened Oathbreaker bracelet?  There's a huge difference.Also SS fusions should give you like 1400 extra crit.	bladeandsoul	1471912226
LOL I do, I have FM BD and BM and I absolutely hate Warlocks	bladeandsoul	1471923151
Lol I literally made a detailed and in-depth guide for this, and people still ask this question. Zzzzz	bladeandsoul	1471931563
Silverfrost Revival Charms and Silverfrost Dungeon Escape Charms are good.  Field Repair Tools...eh, you can get by without them since they're so expensive.  I personally never carry field repair tools on me because I repair before I go in and I'm fine.  If we wipe so many times that I lose like 50 durability in a single dungeon it's not worth my time running anyway.	bladeandsoul	1471931730
You can say anything you want, doesn't mean that anyone will change because of it.	bladeandsoul	1471931781
Every boss from here on out (including all bosses in sogun, nexus, gloom, and masts) has 20% evasion, so I wouldn't discount accuracy as a stat.But yeah I agree, crit matters a lot more than accuracy though.  People can have 550 AP but use trash accessories and soul shields so they're stuck at 2.5k crit, and my 500 BM can out-damage a 550 FM with shit crit rate and crit damage.	bladeandsoul	1471931915
I'm not even gonna carry you for Yeti if you don't show any thought into your accessories because all it shows me is that you care about only AP and not crit, crit damage, and accuracy.  Good luck getting into a Tomb party with Infernal accessories, much less getting the drop and winning the bid.	bladeandsoul	1471932249
Only necklaces, bracelets, and belts dropped from dungeons are better.  Hongmoon ring and earring still beat every single dropped accessory.	bladeandsoul	1471932326
Mid-high silver.  I was able to get gold before in 45 patch, but I couldn't get it again once everyone hit 50 before me, suddenly became more tryhard (for God knows why), and got their Hongmoon skills (I've always been middle of the pack, not rich but not poor).  It sucks to be at an inherent disadvantage in skills and skill points (I'm only HM9 on my main and HM7 on my alts) because I'm much more casual and don't hardcore grind anything.	bladeandsoul	1471936872
I was wondering why we didn't get Lightning Dragon...turns out it got butchered to this abomination.  Dear God.	bladeandsoul	1471988728
No I agree KFM is useless, why do I need blue buff if I'm already a blue?	bladeandsoul	1472010872
Not everyone who grabs or grips bosses is trolling lmao else we would have a lot more BD/Destroyer complaint posts	bladeandsoul	1472013332
Not really, since BD and Destroyer grabs actually have utility (infinite focus, crit buff, etc.).  Even if FMs were able to grip bosses, it would be completely underwhelming in terms of party support.	bladeandsoul	1472013807
FM can't spec double daze and double KD at the same time.If boss grap were implemented most people won't use it anyway because it makes the FM lose DPS, but it would only be for specific boss mechanics that require the boss to be grabbed (which will be in a lot of the upcoming very difficult heroic dungeons).	bladeandsoul	1472014139
Wut?  You don't need mobs or players to be CC'd to trigger BD phantom grip, only (large) bosses.  So if anything, it would work exactly the same with FM.  Glacial Beam stun into Phantom Grip.  FM can already grab mobs.	bladeandsoul	1472014265
Related question, is it usable in 6-man Desolate Tomb?	bladeandsoul	1472087852
Yeah, I hate this as well.  I literally specced off of Glacial Beam because it tilts me too much.	bladeandsoul	1472089964
wait...are they keeping dynamic queue for plat and below?  hopefully they will change it in the lower ranks too :| i want my solo queue back	leagueoflegends	1472097810
Have a full tank soul shield infused with crit defense and HM counter, you're literally gonna be unkillable	bladeandsoul	1472154099
Alpine weapons (dropped from dungeons) or Element of Hongmoon (from the previous daily dash if you have them).  Transmuting or buying elements isn't really worth the price.	bladeandsoul	1472240212
Yeah, idk how to make the fourth person show up either.  I've only ever seen 3 :|	bladeandsoul	1472240588
Looking for an active, geared, semi-hardcore rank 15 cerulean PvE/PvX clan on Poharan/Iksanun for doing endgame content.  I highly prefer a clan that has chill but mature members, checks Discord often for finding dungeon parties, and encourages inclusivity rather than static groups.  PM me if you have any leads.	bladeandsoul	1472368015
How much DPS is a HM9/650/60/212/120 FM supposed be doing on average and when played properly?  I play on a Mac and don't have very good FPS/ping (7-10 FPS in combat/150 ping with Mudfish), so I would like to know how far off I am from an average situation or an ideal situationEdit: I have HM Blazing Palm, HM Force Blast, and HM Phantom Grip/Multiple Blaze if that changes anything	bladeandsoul	1472369074
Mind if I tack this on your thread?  I don't want to bug people and clutter the subreddit by making a new one lol.How much DPS is a HM9/650/60/212/120 FM supposed be doing on average and when played properly?  I play on a Mac and don't have very good FPS/ping (7-10 FPS in combat/150 ping with Mudfish), so I would like to know how far off I am from an average situation or an ideal situation.Edit: I have HM Blazing Palm, HM Force Blast, and HM Phantom Grip/Multiple Blaze if that changes anything	bladeandsoul	1472369876
Wait, how do you know your DPS on a dummy?  I thought the DPS meter didn't work unless you were actually in a Mushin's Tower floor o.o	bladeandsoul	1472371253
Yeah that makes perfect sense.  This is for end-game.  If you're leveling it doesn't really matter, you can just stick with the ___ Valor Soul Shield in every region until you're ready to do level 50 dungeons.	bladeandsoul	1472372669
It mostly depends on the comp you run with.  If you pug everything and aren't guaranteed to have CC in your party every time, Asura + Oblivion is better.  If you run dungeons/do open world combat with a BD/Destroyer/Summoner/Warlock a lot, Asura + Challenger _might_ be better?  Asura + Oblivion is the much safer option IMO.	bladeandsoul	1472372867
Leveling as BM is basically a living nightmare for like 30 levels.  You literally have no ways of killing mobs until you get enough points to spec AoE Flicker (Draw LMB, 3 points) and damage Lunar Slash (Tab, 3 points), and even then you don't have as good consistent AoE damage compared to BDs, FMs, Destroyers, and Warlocks.  If you really want to gather everything at once and then nuke them all down at the end of a hallway, Blade Call (V) has a 60 s cooldown but does tons of damage inside its AoE.  Dragontongue (Draw RMB) is good for killing mini-bosses.	bladeandsoul	1472375142
If you're using HM Force Blast or get Multiple Blaze, I would take 1 point off Frost Armor, 1 point off Short Fuse, and/or 1-2 points off Fire Fury.	bladeandsoul	1472376004
I mean...you can always host a learning run.  But the issue is, once people take the time to learn the dungeon, a lot of them will be unwilling/too impatient to teach other people the dungeon because it takes too much time (as in they already spent the time learning it the first time, so they don't want to spend hours again trying to teach new people, which is a very annoying and selfish mindset IMO).  On top of that, learning runs tend to be difficult later on because most of the high geared people who normally carry the newcomers usually prefer to do runs with people who can already clear quickly (aka fast runs, high AP requirements in F8, etc.), so people in learning runs tend to have lower gear (which makes failing mechanics even more punishing).  This is what eventually leads to higher and higher achievement expectations and AP requirements.  I personally couldn't get a party for tomb (even within my clan) until today, and I already see people getting impatient with me for not doing mechanics perfectly lmao.  Like...really now.	bladeandsoul	1472429875
Looking for an active, geared, semi-hardcore rank 15 cerulean PvE/PvX clan on Poharan/Iksanun for doing endgame content.  I highly prefer a clan that has chill but mature members, checks Discord often for finding dungeon parties, and encourages inclusivity rather than static groups.  PM me if you have any leads.	bladeandsoul	1472493121
I really hope they keep this and don't change it back.  The costs are insane as is .___.	bladeandsoul	1472507325
Dear god all iFunny is is shitty reposts lol	FellowKids	1472545365
Your current necklace is Python Necklace, not True Python Necklace.  True Python Necklace is the final stage of Hongmoon necklace.I would upgrade it to Awakened Oathbreaker and then stop there because you'll need the stats from the necklace to be able to do Desolate Tomb anyway, not to mention you'll need to run hundreds of times probably before getting a necklace and winning the bid.	bladeandsoul	1472546083
Wot they're like top few along with sin and FM lol	bladeandsoul	1472552043
Masterwork primers, Challenger 8s, or Oblivion 8s, but it's really not necessary to blow that much money for a tiny amount of extra crit.	bladeandsoul	1472583062
Uhm, basically.  Not really worth using them on anything otherwise.  But do take into account that once you get enough money for stage 10 Draken Oath necklace (legendary necklace from Desolate Tomb), you're gonna have like 7.5k crit if all soul shields are perfect rolls and ~~max fused~~ 254 blue primer fused.  A little bit of crit isn't gonna mean anything due to how hard numbers fall off due to diminishing returns.  I personally still wouldn't use them period due to how expensive they are and would save the money for stage 12 legendary weapon, but that's up to you to decide.	bladeandsoul	1472615411
He probably doesn't even realize that BM is the highest DPS class right now so he should uninstall if anyone less that 750 AP outdamages him lmao	bladeandsoul	1472619866
That's because the grand majority of people have higher levels hence more skill points, so every single one of their abilities is stronger than yours.  You should get to level 50 before trying to do PvP seriously, and you won't have enough skill points to spec into all of your important skills until about 50+7 (depends on your class and how much money you have); you'll be at a severe disadvantage otherwise.	bladeandsoul	1472630613
Then...don't?  BnS is (supposed to be) a game, not a job.  You only spend your whole life in this game if you believe it is your life.  That being said, if you're on a REALLY tight schedule, don't do the useless purples that take forever.  SSP is a good place to farm keys and moonstones and then sell them once trove is over and prices go back up.I personally just do daily challenge and any special event (WWV for now) and then log off.  I have never done 40 dailies ever and I have 670 AP.  There is absolutely no rush to gear up lmao.	bladeandsoul	1472631139
Definitely this.  I'm waaaaay too lazy to manually buy, download, or pirate any music anymore.	AskReddit	1472631888
It's closer to normal if the player has low FPS/high ping	bladeandsoul	1472653561
It's easy but it's not THAT braindead, I play BM FM and BD and you need to still keep track of your Lunar Slash and Dragontongue cooldowns because if you use at a bad time you waste the focus regen and cooldown reduction.	bladeandsoul	1472654584
FM should definitely be the last one.  Literally all of their damage is elemental, and Dragonblaze buff gives +40% to the fire elemental damage stat (and another 100 on top of that).	bladeandsoul	1472654758
BM actually gets more DPS when being hit because Cyclone gives focus and Violent Blade gives a DT boost.	bladeandsoul	1472659256
Same thing here.  I have 20 FPS standing afk in town, 7-15 FPS in combat, and 3-5 FPS in infamous places like Minou's room and Iruga's room.  Kill me.	bladeandsoul	1472668818
Is this basically like GameGuard for Korean MMOs, if anyone knows about it or how it works?  I also play Blade &amp; Soul which uses GameGuard, and it does a good job of keeping out hackers but not bots or macro-ers.	leagueoflegends	1472711397
I see a lot more full AD comps lol.  It's incredibly frustrating when people pick all squishy AD champions like Zed/Talon mid + GP/Fiora/Yasuo top + Master Yi/Rengar/Pantheon jungle and then wonder why we can't win any fights post-30 minutes.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1472714037
Yeah, I hate this as well.  I literally specced off of Glacial Beam because it tilts me too much.	bladeandsoul	1472751536
If it's on F, won't it interfere with Awakened Dual Dragons?  Granted I'm all for moving it, putting it on 3 was a horrible idea.	bladeandsoul	1472751613
You can might as well just upgrade since you're only one stage off.  You can get Baleful Staff after you max out all your accessories (except belt).  I did it before they fixed the prices so I got the transformation prices for cheap lmao.	bladeandsoul	1472752113
Alpine weapons or Element of Hongmoon from daily dash	bladeandsoul	1472752190
It's supposed to be a super rare legendary drop, and RNG is RNG.  I've done a few runs as well and haven't seen one yet.  Hell, after 50 patch hit, I didn't see a single rare drop for 4 months ever since BSH skill books until a book dropped...in a clan run, lol.  What's much worse is the shit drop rate of Siren and Pirate accessories, which are required to upgrade your equipment and only heroic level.  I got my alt to 50 before they made emblems account bound, and I had to do over 30 runs of each to see all 5 accessories.	bladeandsoul	1472840345
Absolutely.  People who have reliable static groups to farm with get a huge advantage in success rate, run smoothness, clear time, and overall money made compared to people like me who have to run with a different comp every time.	bladeandsoul	1472845711
Hope you get lucky and your clan has people who notice you otherwise you're screwed l0l	bladeandsoul	1472845853
Since when did you need 550 AP for 6m Yeti?  LMAO.  I can clear it 4 man with 500 AP.  I join 550 groups on my 500 BM because I have HM Block, and more often than not the leader lets me stay because I am experienced (have a 670 AP main) and I have the best party iframe in the game.  I think it's fair to say that HM Block adds 50 AP of party contribution.It's the party leader's decision to kick or keep a person who is lower than the posted requirement based on their experience and possible contribution.  I'm not saying the Warlock is right in failing mechanics or flaming people, but your mindset is a horrible one to have and is the reason why people are AP elitists in F8.  Please don't encourage it.	bladeandsoul	1472930816
Sigh, again.https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4zquev/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/The BiS level 50 soul shields this patch are:Fresh 50 (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these, for people around 400 AP/Awakened Infernal accessories): 57 Bloodshade + some Labyrinth Bloodshade mix/Full Silverfrost Valor50 with a little bit of money (will be replaced soon, don't try too hard to get perfect rolls on these, for people around 450 AP/Awakened Infernal accessories) Full Northern Critical/Full Yeti/some mix of Yeti and ScorpioLow accuracy set (use this if you have less than 1300 accuracy with no piece 6 equipped, for people around 500 AP/True Siren accessories): 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/Twisted*Standard set (for people around 550 AP/Awakened [boss] accessories): 12468 Asura + 357 Be Ido/Twisted*High geared (for people around 600 AP/True [boss] accessories): 12468 Asura + 357 OblivionVery high geared/Tower of Infinity (not many people can do this, might not even be better than the set up there ^): 13567 Asura + 248 ChallengerWhirlwind Valley 6v6: 12357 Naksun + 468 Labyrinth/124 Sparring + 35678 ChallengerSecondary stats: Critical &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Northern Critical (poor), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Critical Primer (rich), Jomu Accuracy (only if you have like infernal earring), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal Reflex Primer (6v6)&amp;nbsp;[Praetor's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321) and [Arbolito's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0) cheat sheets have the exact soul shield stats, so that will help when you're trying to min/max your pieces.&amp;nbsp;Many soul shields follow the same format as to what stats they give.  Each of these progressions give the same primary and secondary rolls on every piece, but the later ones simply have higher numbers.  The soul shield progression for the rest of the year is:Bloodshade (*BSH*) -&gt; Yeti (*Avalanche Den*) -&gt; Be Ido (*Sundered Nexus*) -&gt; Twisted (*Twisted Grimhorn Wilds + Zaiwei Ruins + Gloomdross Incursion + Shattered Masts*) -&gt; Oblivion (*Desolate Tomb*)Labyrinth (*Naryu Labyrinth*) -&gt; Asura (*Sogun's Lament*) -&gt; Ebondrake (*Ebondrake Citadel*)Endless Tower (*Mushin's Tower F4-7*) -&gt; Mushin (*Mushin's Tower F8.1-8.2*) -&gt; Scorpio (*Awakened Necropolis*) -&gt; Sparring (*Tower of Infinity F20-29*) -&gt; Naksun (*Mushin's Tower F12-15*) -&gt; Challenger (*Tower of Infinity F30+*)&amp;nbsp;Once new dungeons are released, replace each piece with the piece that follows it in the same list.  For example, if you currently have 12348 Asura + 567 Yeti, you should work toward 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido/Twisted next.So the best soul shields for the end of this year are:PvE (your class's legendary SS effect is literally useless, or you're lazy): 12468 Ebondrake + 357 Oblivion*High level PvE (your class has bad 8 piece legendary SS effect, requires tons of grinding and probably a clan): 12345 Night Wind + 678 OblivionHigh level PvE (your class has good 8 piece legendary SS effect, requires tons of grinding and probably a clan): 12345678 Night WindPvP: 124 Sparring + 35678 ChallengerSecondary stats: Crit &gt; Accuracy &gt; HP &gt; Defense &gt; Block = Evasion (may or may not be the case for tank set)Infusions: Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal/Masterwork Critical (PvE), Silverfrost Crafted/Artisanal/Masterwork Reflex (PvP)	bladeandsoul	1472931566
Why do you care so much about just a number?  Are you also the type of person who makes a 500+ lobby for BSC/BSH or 700+ lobby for Masts/Tomb?  If it's clearly doable even when factoring high ping/bad people?  I can hold aggro on my BM against people over 100 AP above me (except Sin FM Sum BM KFM) before the patch, and with BM buffs and HM Searing Slash I can probably hold aggro against 600+ now on any class except BM.  I know the mechanics of every 4 man dungeon in the game, so I am for sure experienced.  What about the 700 people who take a 400 into Asura to farm for soul shields and ask 550 for everyone else?  What do you think about those people?	bladeandsoul	1472934403
It's not impossible to play for solo content, it's just much harder to solo stuff or play in general when you have aggro because you have very few low cooldown defensive skills.	bladeandsoul	1472941857
I thought you were supposed to iframe/ice Tab the 6th grab?  How did neither of you instantly die when you took the lightning at the 30% 2-man conductor phase?Also, what is the purpose of the BM's air combo after the roar that can be CCed?	bladeandsoul	1472942264
I know that he instantly enrages at the 9th.  Now that you mention that, is there a difference between iframing the 6th and iframing the 9th?  Every guide I see says to iframe the 6th grab, and since I play as the marker (I'm the FM) in most of my 6-man runs, I've just been instinctively icing myself at the 6th.	bladeandsoul	1472943637
When we're at it, can anti-fun classes like Summoner and Assassin get reworked a bit?  Beating them isn't even a matter of skill, it's just that either you cheese them because you get off a lucky hit among all their resists and stealth or you just get killed with 0 counterplay without ever being able to hit them back.  Fighting a 1v2 or fighting against a class you can almost never see is absolutely bullshit, cancerous, and horribly unhealthy for the game.	bladeandsoul	1473019500
destroyer with hm stone shield or kfm with hm counter, literally invincible and such a broken and brainless pain in the ass to fight in owpvp i'd rather run or afk	bladeandsoul	1473022732
Assassin and Summoner are probably the best right now	bladeandsoul	1473022785
Think about how stupid the average person is.  And realize that half of the population is stupider than that.	bladeandsoul	1473041324
Why did you bid on the orb when it belongs to the group?  And yes he is correct in making you use the orb you bought.  The fairest and most logical thing is to use the orb from loot table because it belongs to everyone, then the people using the other 2 orbs take the stingers and refining stones.	bladeandsoul	1473099986
Quick note, at endgame when everybody has HM skills, FMs aren't gonna spec their party pull; they should have Multiple Blaze specced.  But the rest is right.	bladeandsoul	1473158963
This is not true lmao.  I have a 500 BM that can take aggro off my 690 FM friend from time to time, and his ping isn't even that bad.	bladeandsoul	1473159018
I really hope the elemental accessories won't be cancerous to upgrade like the current Draken Oath necklace.  4k gold is absolutely bullshit insane, like almost as bad as China's legendary weapons that take tens of thousands of gold to upgrade.  This is how you get people to quit your game.	bladeandsoul	1473215427
It's the event peridot from the Hongmoon training pouches lol, it is no question my 3rd best gem right now.	bladeandsoul	1473243800
Yeah this post wouldn't even exist if I had that gem lol	bladeandsoul	1473244586
&gt;arena is full of really good playerswat? what ranking are you?  everyone below 1400 is straight garbage and literally doesnt know how to cc or combo, i can get to 1500 effortlessly and i don't pvp either lol	bladeandsoul	1473296508
You'd be surprised at how many people can't even do BSH or Lab properly, rofl.	bladeandsoul	1473300947
The ruby better not be accessible for premium only, I've been wanting that for so long .____.	bladeandsoul	1473352913
i do most of the mechanics in my parties while DPSing at the same time, i sense a lot of salt here LUL	bladeandsoul	1473366633
Okay, I'm not sheathing yeti ice or kiting scorpions or veiling asura bolts or kiting fire aoes or blocking orbs or kiting drills or luring gloom or sheathing martial dance or sheathing/veiling taikhan or luring missiles or avoiding you when i have a firebomb or being lightning marker.  Have fun doing dungeons lol	bladeandsoul	1473367800
So the picture implies that there are only a few premium spots on the daily dash?  That must suck if you are premium and didn't land on a single one lmao.  I was debating buying premium just for this too.	bladeandsoul	1473379982
The wheel is at the back side of Wayfarer's Wharf between the entrances to EFSC and NSH.  You should keep your Moonwater Valor Stones though, since you need those to get Hongmoon Pellet if you're planning on getting HM LMB.	bladeandsoul	1473421943
A lot of people would just not bring field repair tools lol	bladeandsoul	1473445724
It's starting from silverfrost path so for you it's after you upgrade to true breeze	bladeandsoul	1473465132
Oh yeah of course, the breakthrough weapon is #1 priority.  That's only if you have extra valor stones.	bladeandsoul	1473474268
most people in my clan weren't on at the time and i had to leave soon so i couldn't wait for people lol	bladeandsoul	1473546116
well orbs mean a lot to me because I have 3 level 50 characters and it would be nice to run kaari lord on all of them for exp, so i'd highly prefer not to give my orbs away for free	bladeandsoul	1473546254
it's not confusing at all lol 1 orb is free then 2 orbs 2 stingers	bladeandsoul	1473554761
i'm pretty sure/almost certain that's not possible	bladeandsoul	1473554774
So you're saying its okay to bid on loot that drops from Heaven's Mandate?  I see how you roll.	bladeandsoul	1473567076
Well 2 people are contributing their own orbs to enter, so it's only one more than one.  And if one person has all 3 orbs, only one person is sacrificing as well.  Either way it's still a small amount of people paying for the group.  It's not much, but as someone who is incredibly poor from upgrading accessories and wants to save every gold to buy SPTS for my legendary weapon, I would like to be compensated.	bladeandsoul	1473567980
I don't think masterwork primers will ever be relevant, the insane cost isn't worth it just for like 50 crit.  Better to save the money max fusing all SS pieces with blue primers and upgrading legendary necklace to max for the crit.	bladeandsoul	1473585122
Where do we get Chromatic and Tormented weapons?  When I hover over it in my weapon upgrade window, it doesn't say anything.	bladeandsoul	1473633146
uhm excuse me fm requires a ton of skill to play in pvp because an fm who doesnt know what they're doing and only smashes 3 buttons in pve will just get cc locked to death	bladeandsoul	1473633255
Do the Tormented and Accursed weapons drop from both 6 man and 4 man versions, or just 4 man?	bladeandsoul	1473639541
A party of all 550s can probably clear it if they all have low ping and play perfectly.	bladeandsoul	1473651348
Do we have to kill bosses for it, or do the chests drop from mobs too?	bladeandsoul	1473657086
The requested ticket item is not available.If you want to try again, click here.&amp;nbsp;I clicked, and it took me to the page with weird characters again.	berkeley	1473722271
If you have all HM skills, Blazing Beam is better because it is less RNG dependent and Fire Fury has a long cast time	bladeandsoul	1473733151
6m asura is harder than 6m masts, but 4m masts is harder than 4m asura because the mechanics for widows/taikhan are much more punishing if you screw up	bladeandsoul	1473733394
Are his settings like insanely low, or is he zoomed out a ton?  Something's funny with the camera and I can't quite put my finger on it	bladeandsoul	1473737690
I'm pretty sure it's not like League when you have a visible rank and a hidden MMR because there are no promotion series/0 LP situations lol	bladeandsoul	1473743818
I do about 14k as a 670 FM (I'm 685 now), but that's because I play at 7 FPS (Mac) and 180 ping (with Mudfish).  So that is low compared to people with normal FPS and ping	bladeandsoul	1473766359
tfw i farmed my ass off in misty woods while trying to organize parties to farm faction bosses, strategically swapping channels, and pleading clanmates to hold off enemy faction trolls just so i was able to get a few insignias ;_____;	bladeandsoul	1473825352
holy moly clean your inventory lol	bladeandsoul	1473836704
ebondrake citadel is rated easier than desolate tomb o-o	bladeandsoul	1473840733
chromatic weapon requires brilliant silverfrost key doesn't it?  since it's in the sf region	bladeandsoul	1473875514
Yeah I know, those are both Silverfrost though.  Ebondrake Hideout, Shrieking Caverns, Tainted Lab, Beastbog, and Plog Sanctum are all in the Silverfrost region.  Moonwater is Pigsty, Hall of Ogong (Ogong 1.0), Skittering Tunnels, and Brightstone Ruins.	bladeandsoul	1473876633
Np, I really wish I was wrong though.  I leveled my 2nd alt to 50 HM 7 and had to buy all the gems and farm all the purple weapons ;____;	bladeandsoul	1473877454
Compared to what we have now, Shattered Masts and Desolate Tomb are pretty difficult.  They're obviously difficult when you put them next to jokes like Lair or Gloomdross where I start falling asleep in half my runs, but they're not difficult at all when you compare them to things like Hell Blast Furnace or Naryu Sanctum.	bladeandsoul	1473895497
And how do you propose I do that with Naksun/Lab SS, I can't exactly fuse crit defense and piercing at the same time.	bladeandsoul	1473905972
All accessories to true oathbreaker, then weapon to true scorpio, then 35 AP gem, you don't really get much from upgrading accessories past true oath	bladeandsoul	1473925358
Yeah seriously, this is some Korea/Taiwan/China raid level shit lol he has the HP of people with full legendary SS	bladeandsoul	1473929926
If you're talking about leavers, no that is not the case for me.  I pretty much only solo queue and have never left a game to abuse elo.  I would be like 1800 if I did lol.	bladeandsoul	1473963539
I mean, I've reached gold in 1v1 before, so I have a decent knowledge of PvP, I just don't spam it or put tons of time into learning the ins and outs and nitty gritty details because I hate PvP.	bladeandsoul	1473963682
As much as it was a pain in the ass it didn't work for heroic and legendary drops	bladeandsoul	1473977904
Also if there is a person with a bad computer.  I get a loading screen right before the final boss so I can't get credit unless people wait .____.	bladeandsoul	1474110814
~~It's 5 AM not PM~~ never mindedit: okay that's weird idk whey they do different time for no reason, not to mention it's not in the in-game clock lol enough of the downvotes	bladeandsoul	1474192212
If you want pure HP, go 12357 Naksun/Sparring/Challenger 468 Lab.  However, that set sacrifices a lot of crit, so it won't let you get credit on pigs/terrors/Grindtooth unless you have an amazing computer or really high AP.	bladeandsoul	1474253291
Is anyone else crashing a lot more than usual while using BnsArk to launch their game?	bladeandsoul	1474254097
Can you (or someone who understands what's going on) write a detailed guide on how to do this and what to do at each phase of the fight?	bladeandsoul	1474272782
I don't know where you're getting the notion that tanks aren't necessary in this game.  As an FM who frequently pulls aggro from people, even players more geared than me, I would highly prefer to have a BM or KFM in every single one of my runs so I don't have to be forced to tank.  I refuse to run 4 mans without a tank or a higher geared person than me who is able to tank.  A set tank also makes sure the boss doesn't do any unpredictable rotations, and,  starting from Masts, bosses will literally wipe your party if aggro switches in the middle of a phase.But to answer your question, you're probably best off with a KFM, due to reasons stated by other people that I won't repeat.	bladeandsoul	1474273302
FM's AoE damage is actually really bad outside of Multiblaze because LMB RMB 2 1 are all single target and Meteor does basically no damage to non-burning targets	bladeandsoul	1474323885
Nope I'm on my 550 BM and I wasn't able to find a party for about 10 minutes lol	bladeandsoul	1474341451
People will still run tomb, the AP achievement is too good	bladeandsoul	1474387044
To my knowledge, they changed the punishment for failing the stealth mechanic from instant death to 90k damage (edit: in 6 man, 180k in 4 man).  So unless you have full legendary SS and legendary pet, you still need to do mechanics properly/have a sin or summoner or else you will die.	bladeandsoul	1474387227
Kenny totally not a whale Kappa	bladeandsoul	1474388321
As soon as people see a 600 group they leave the 550 FeelsBadMan	bladeandsoul	1474396016
You realize this is much easier said than done right?  Creating a party does absolutely nothing if nobody stays.	bladeandsoul	1474396075
It's not difficult but (as you can probably tell from my flair) my BM is my alt so I'm not planning on upgrading it to 600 because it takes away from the money I'm saving up to get Baleful Bangle.  You also have to take into account that it is incredibly difficult for a new player to get to 600.	bladeandsoul	1474396216
Is this an achievement run?  It looks like a normal run to me and I already know all the dungeon mechanics	bladeandsoul	1474396411
Yeah, we're not gonna be able to do non-stealth Zakhan cheese until everyone is like 1k AP or something.  I don't think it's possible in 4 man at all because I read that the 90k is 6 man damage, so in 4 man it will one-shot anyone no matter how good their gear is.	bladeandsoul	1474405224
Welp here comes the Sin/Sum class elitism zz	bladeandsoul	1474410503
To add on to him, it's kinda like trying to kill Blood Mane in 45 days while completely ignoring the automatons.  Yes you can survive if you cheese the mechanic, but good luck taking out that much HP without doing mechanics.  NA/EU doesn't have the gear to do that with Zakhan right now; we probably need about 1000 AP to do so.	bladeandsoul	1474412688
acrimor's acrimony amirite	bladeandsoul	1474487576
Follow-up question: do you mean facetank as in tank all the projectiles without blocking them and while taking full damage?  Do the projectiles even do damage?  Can we use blocks/projectile immunity (Divine Veil/Petal Storm/Quell) and still get the damage buff?	bladeandsoul	1474488047
Then all the warlocks you play as/with/against are shit, they're incredibly good in 6v6 due to insane burst damage that CCs and penetrates defense/deflect/projectile immunity and a massive buff for their whole team	bladeandsoul	1474494835
sucks2suck	bladeandsoul	1474495182
I deranked in arena to be able to do my 20 win special invitation quests, and it sucks but you gotta do what you gotta do.  I don't really have a choice here aside from just intentionally not trying/trolling/using training weapon to lose, because I want to up my PvE damage and, especially, try to solo Yeti, which is impossible at my gear without HM Blazing Beam.	bladeandsoul	1474503739
I deranked in arena to be able to do my 20 win special invitation quests, and it sucks but you gotta do what you gotta do.  I don't really have a choice here aside from just intentionally not trying/trolling/using training weapon to lose, because I want to up my PvE damage and, especially, try to solo Yeti, which is impossible at my gear without HM Blazing Beam.	bladeandsoul	1474503755
I deranked in arena to be able to do my 20 win special invitation quests, and it sucks but you gotta do what you gotta do.  I don't really have a choice here aside from just intentionally not trying/trolling/using training weapon to lose, because I want to up my PvE damage and, especially, try to solo Yeti, which is impossible at my gear without HM Blazing Beam.	bladeandsoul	1474503872
I deranked in arena to be able to do my 20 win special invitation quests, and it sucks but you gotta do what you gotta do.  I don't really have a choice here aside from just intentionally not trying/trolling/using training weapon to lose, because I want to up my PvE damage and, especially, try to solo Yeti, which is impossible at my gear without HM Blazing Beam.	bladeandsoul	1474503880
get premium	bladeandsoul	1474506730
out of all the strawpolls i've seen in this subreddit this is the most pointless one	bladeandsoul	1474507166
Blackram narrows has the double drop too	bladeandsoul	1474510529
...the fuck?  you really expect me to leave and take the loss when we're about to win, which i need for my achievement? lmao are you crazy	bladeandsoul	1474525720
well i want to tank my rating in a sense, but for the sake of farming wins/points against people, similar to the way people derank in 1v1 or 3v3	bladeandsoul	1474529423
This issue has been around since January, it's nothing new.  It's only due to the poor optimization of the game and there is nothing you can do aside from upgrade your computer, and even then it might not stop the crashing entirely.	bladeandsoul	1474616732
just either keep going until you win or LFP masts and hope you get recruited into a good party lol it's not hard	bladeandsoul	1474661913
Accessories to True Siren, then belt to Awakened Oathbreaker, then accessories except belt and bracelet to True Oathbreaker, then HM Block, then weapon to True Scorpio, then accessories except belt including bracelet to True Boss	bladeandsoul	1474692529
True boss = True Python/Scorpio/Yeti.  It's called that way because the names are all different so it's a pain in the ass to type lol	bladeandsoul	1474696391
My computer freezes when I multiblaze giant clumps of mobs like in yeti or desolate tomb FeelsBadMan	bladeandsoul	1474758376
Nope, it's double RNG.  RNG to get the weapon chest, then RNG on top of that to get your class weapon.  It sucks.	bladeandsoul	1474758418
&gt;I can do any of my stunning or dazingYou said it yourself, they're vulnerable to knockdowns when spinning so just KD them lol	bladeandsoul	1474758486
To help out the RNG part, you can spam Ebondrake Hideout or Shrieking Caverns when it is in DC because a lot of high geared people are running it.  This is how I got my Chromatic weapon for my alt; I spammed Shrieking Caverns on this day last week (Tuesday) and got it after a few runs.	bladeandsoul	1475005139
Scales still cost more than feathers + stingers.  And old habits die hard.At the same time, why don't they let the Cold Storage orb users get the stingers or free, instead of bidding on them and leeching on Kaari Lord.	bladeandsoul	1475015461
Is there any info about the BiS roll on Binding Bracelet?  Will it be better than the Hongmoon one?  I have maxed accessories and 59% crit right now.	bladeandsoul	1475196392
Interesting decision to add accuracy on this.  It's not like anybody needs it since it is so easy to get 120% with Ebondrake and Oblivion SS.  It doesn't even have as much crit as True Yeti Ring...idk if I'm even gonna farm for this tbh.	bladeandsoul	1475201320
how do we get the tokens to exchange these soul badges?	bladeandsoul	1475203364
\#1 tip: hope the enemy team has more afkers/DCed people than you	bladeandsoul	1475287929
I'm on NA, but to my knowledge this is happening on both servers.	bladeandsoul	1475288386
Full Twisted until you can do Asura, but if your AP is high enough for Shattered Masts it's high enough for Asura	bladeandsoul	1475290048
It might be Mudfish's routing problem.  I guess I can check the nodes to make sure.	bladeandsoul	1475292346
Usually people add each other on discord for this	bladeandsoul	1475303440
Isn't this basically the same as Down to Lunch?  Lmao look what a success that was.	news	1475313593
NA, happening to me all the time as well.  I couldn't finish DC because of it.	bladeandsoul	1475367677
Well thank you for being dead weight and ruining other people's games, I guess.	bladeandsoul	1475381910
Just spam shrieking caverns/ebondrake on DC days, that's when all the high gear people are doing it	bladeandsoul	1475400676
Infernal weapons, alpine weapons, lucky element from story, element of hongmoon from daily dash	bladeandsoul	1475413084
It's pretty common I see it every run Kappa	bladeandsoul	1475425559
Never transmute premium stones, buy all of them from people in faction chat.  Since you're a Warlock, save up all your mats until you can get to stage 4 all at once.	bladeandsoul	1475609701
i personally wouldn't pay more than 300g for it, but i guess this guy was just desperate	bladeandsoul	1475620306
tfw i dont have enough points to spec tab escape to daze for ebondrake citadel	bladeandsoul	1475633878
tfw i dont have enough points to spec tab escape to daze for ebondrake citadel	bladeandsoul	1475634142
Why would I pay so much when it costs about 3k gold to upgrade it?  You have to take into account the fact that when you bid on the necklace you're bidding on the fresh necklace, not max stage, so in reality the item is a lot more expensive than it goes for during loot auction.	bladeandsoul	1475649963
I'm really hoping for the legendary nebula stone other regions got.  I've been hoarding mats to try to get to stage 4 all at once lol.	bladeandsoul	1475683348
Credits to [Praetor19](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeDYPnRi_wb8wfhnegbOk6A)Not as long as the desolate tomb guide this time!! (edit: but still extremely long .___.)Bonus solo run: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6ZG4QL5kKE	bladeandsoul	1475699282
For Sogun's Lament, are you talking about going 6-0/4-0?  They can get away with that kind of thing and ignore mechanics because they are immensely overgeared for that dungeon.	bladeandsoul	1475703415
As a Mac gamer my male ovaries are bursting with excitement	bladeandsoul	1475715133
As a Mac gamer who has loading screens that often take over a minute, this would be really nice to have.	bladeandsoul	1475737185
I've found that HM Vortex is good too since if they keep hitting into your spin you can keep them airborne forever	bladeandsoul	1475738880
My soul shield guide: https://www.reddit.com/r/bladeandsoul/comments/4zquev/general_soul_shield_guide_for_the_rest_of_the_year/Arbolito's soul shield stats: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v0tY9qwTmQalLrD0FW2LkX2AJWqEKKSrBz5Ij4WvRXo/edit#gid=0Praetor's cheat sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JOQK34BUTR_55XwnbJOk388gjokrtLZFdhi3vIwXjZc/edit#gid=2044868321	bladeandsoul	1475740858
Yeti 1 and 6 with max accuracy rolls + accuracy on either Yeti 5 or Yeti 7 + Jomu Accuracy fusion on a couple pieces should work fine, you only need 115% to not be dead weight. You need True Oathbreaker Earring + Asura 1 + Asura 2 + Yeti/Be Ido 6 to hit 120%.	bladeandsoul	1475755048
No, you need the marker to break stealth because he still gets hit by the bomb, so he goes into stealth for about half a second and then attacks to break out.	bladeandsoul	1475755384
691 is the highest possible AP at HM10 with no legendary or hepta gems, 693 if there is enough dedication to get 300 tomb runs	bladeandsoul	1475758676
Can anyone confirm if this version of the fix works for the Citadel patch?	bladeandsoul	1475783061
Stage 4 legendary 3 slot NotLikeThis	bladeandsoul	1475784868
Wow, finally an upgradeable belt that has more HP than a random dropped item.  I never understood why the Hongmoon belt had such shit stats, but this is a pretty big boost.Edit: wait why am i getting downvoted...i was saying the legendary belt is good not bad &gt;.&gt;	bladeandsoul	1475818471
What level are you and what HM skills do you have?  I have HM Searing Slash, HM Block, and HM Breeze and I'm very much lacking in points at 50 HM8.	bladeandsoul	1475829916
Daily challenge, Citadel6, Tomb6, Asura4, Masts4, event dungeon if there is one, then afk unless there's SSP going on people need help with stuff	bladeandsoul	1475898169
I would like to see our DPS meter for this fight LMAO	bladeandsoul	1475908636
The easiest way to get to 550 is True Breeze weapon through the tormented path, True Siren accessories, and HM8.  Asura is puggable at 520, as long as not your entire party is 520 (would help a lot to have a few Awk Scorpio/True Oath+ guys, taking into account average pug skill level).	bladeandsoul	1475908939
3-3 is good if your party is lower level gear (500-530) or new to the dungeon.  5-1 works if you have one skilled person with double KD who can solo silver while the rest of the team nukes gold (average level AP with people who know their class well).  6-0 only works if the party is extremely overgeared (like 600 for 6 man, 650 for 4 man) and can kill silver before 3 stacks while tanking gold and both sets of pots at the same time.	bladeandsoul	1475909251
A lot of times people don't have a choice.  BD and BM have Take Flight on F, so if someone CCs the boss the button changes.  For FM, Heatwave is a double KD/daze on a target standing still, but if the target is CCed, Heatwave launches it into the air instead.  So if other people hit their CC before me, it just kinda happens by accident and I can't do anything about it, so it's not my fault anyway.	bladeandsoul	1475932584
Holy shit...that blows :/Maybe ask support?	bladeandsoul	1475980593
That's only if they have HM Phantom Grip, and anyone who has HM Phantom Grip specs Multiple Blaze.	bladeandsoul	1475982519
I mean...half the time I press 1 and the summoner doesn't even know he can use Petal Storm to save me.  Then 40% of the time they use damage Petal Storm toss which barely does anything .____.	bladeandsoul	1475982594
Flowers aren't worth anything just make them with petals, I don't farm dungeons that much and I already have 13 across all my characters lol	bladeandsoul	1475990328
Oblivion set bonus is crit damage, not crit chance, and AP doesn't matter when you're like 750+	bladeandsoul	1475995716
That's only for BD though, that doesn't apply to my 2 other characters lmfao.	bladeandsoul	1476034643
Your AP and crit are fine, but your accuracy is really low so you will probably miss a lot of your attacks	bladeandsoul	1476127174
4 man for sure.  A team of 550s with 50%+ crit can clear the dungeon regardless of party comp, and the clear time is not much different.	bladeandsoul	1476159346
Same as all other PvE (except ToI) in this game, 10%.	bladeandsoul	1476231726
I usually just go with the orb from the loot table goes into the pot, the people who contribute the other 2 orbs take the stingers from Winter Mane and Kaari Lord for free.  Makes more sense that way.	bladeandsoul	1476532292
Premium, 6 tokens already and just started working toward my 7th.  RNG hates me.	bladeandsoul	1476538402
No, you don't Multiblaze when he's shooting projectiles and doing Heaven's Breach.  You start Multiblaze when he drops the stealthing AoE and channel it when you're invisible, so you can DPS while stealthed.	bladeandsoul	1476543746
Yep, and it instantly kills your entire party because Dark Void hits before the daze times out lmfao.	bladeandsoul	1476566367
This doesn't always work because of the way he charges and moves around the map, so I can't always be pressed right up against the wall.  But the Q/E part is valid.	bladeandsoul	1476574336
Yep.  On a related note, if the summoner says he will CC+cat pin (aka Baruk in Gloom or Lord of the Flame in Tomb), never use sheath on that AoE.  It will disable the cat from doing anything and fuck over the mechanics.	bladeandsoul	1476580344
Cant even do close to this because I play on a Mac + have shit ping...only XFX or XVX work FeelsBadMan	bladeandsoul	1476651047
Lol when I made a post about this when leveling my BM I got downvoted to oblivion.  She is now 580 AP and I still don't get allowed in to 4m Lair/Yeti/Necro parties to farm for my fucking Tormented weapon because of this shitty NA/EU mentality.	bladeandsoul	1476653561
I am a 687 AP FM sitting on 5 premium stones not wanting to upgrade until a legendary event (so I am technically 700+ stage 4 legendary).  I am also one of those people who will absolutely never join a party for a purple dungeon that advertises below 600.  The reason why I only make/join high AP parties is that:1. High AP covers for mechanical mistakes.  Yes, we are all human.  Yes, we all make mistakes.  People miss CCs on Iruga or Twisted Bukka.  People misposition at Taikhan or Lord of the Flame.  Hell, NCShit's servers are garbage, so people lag or DC quite often too.  The thing here is, if your party is at the lowest "recommended" AP, you absolutely will not be able to clear enrage timer if you fail mechanics once or someone DCs.  Period.  People don't make high AP requirements only to exclude new people; they do it so that if something goes wrong, there is a chance to recover.2. I am a force master.  If I join a party of people that has everyone below 600, I am pretty much guaranteed to tank because of how much damage I do over the other people.  FM is not a tank class.  I do not like tanking.  We basically have no self-iframes; parry Firestorm and Frost Armor are our only ways of defending ourselves other than Q/E/SS (which every class has so that doesn't count) and Frost Sheath (which is a party iframe that is needed to do mechanics in 80% of dungeons so that doesn't count either).  Tanking certain bosses completely shits on an FM's DPS because of how much they have to move/dodge/reposition.  If I wanted to tank I would play on my 580 BM.  If I join a high AP party I get to have a more relaxing time and don't have to stress about staying alive, on top of having to carry 3 other low damage people.	bladeandsoul	1476662791
I am a 687 AP FM sitting on 5 premium stones not wanting to upgrade until a legendary event (so I am technically 700+ stage 4 legendary).  I was once like you, wanting to be charitable toward new players.  But after too many bad experiences, especially in dungeons like Asura and Nexus, I just can't do it anymore.  Now, I will absolutely never join a party for a purple dungeon that advertises below 600.  The reason why I only make/join high AP parties is that:1. High AP covers for mechanical mistakes.  Yes, we are all human.  Yes, we all make mistakes.  People miss CCs on Iruga or Twisted Bukka.  People misposition at Taikhan or Lord of the Flame.  Hell, NCShit's servers are garbage, so people lag or DC quite often too.  The thing here is, if your party is at the lowest "recommended" AP, you absolutely will not be able to clear enrage timer if you fail mechanics once or someone DCs.  Period.  People don't make high AP requirements only to exclude new people; they do it so that if something goes wrong, there is a chance to recover.2. I am a force master.  If I join a party of people that has everyone below 600, I am pretty much guaranteed to tank because of how much damage I do over the other people.  FM is not a tank class.  I do not like tanking.  We basically have no self-iframes; parry Firestorm and Frost Armor are our only ways of defending ourselves other than Q/E/SS (which every class has so that doesn't count) and Frost Sheath (which is a party iframe that is needed to do mechanics in 80% of dungeons so that doesn't count either).  Tanking certain bosses completely shits on an FM's DPS because of how much they have to move/dodge/reposition.  If I wanted to tank I would play on my 580 BM.  If I join a high AP party I get to have a more relaxing time and don't have to stress about staying alive, on top of having to carry 3 other low damage people.	bladeandsoul	1476662936
About the screenshot of people using dropped accessories, that is only an issue around 450-550.  Past 550, there are no dropped accessories that give more AP than True Siren accessories, forcing people to actually upgrade if they want AP in any way.	bladeandsoul	1476666137
I tried.  I couldn't get my first Tormented Sword without my clanmates' help because I was like 500 and got kicked from every single party.  When I made my own, nobody joined because they all saw the higher AP ones and joined those instead &gt;.&gt;	bladeandsoul	1476673716
Legendary soul shields + legendary necklace have an obscene amount of crit and very high max fuse.  I have 6.3k crit with Ebondrake/Oblivion soul shields.  Having more crit on bracelet is useless.  You cannot infuse crit damage into soul shields, so sacrificing a small amount of crit for crit damage is worth it any day.	bladeandsoul	1476675412
If you need to do clan crafting, just have them invite your other character and donate the mats from there.	bladeandsoul	1476701156
You really need it starting at like Asura/Nexus.  If you don't have HM Block there is literally no reason to bring a BM into the party.	bladeandsoul	1476701453
Not that you __need it__, per se, but party mechanics in Asura/Nexus/Masts/Tomb/Citadel become incredibly difficult without it, especially in 4 man mode, so it is basically required to have a smooth no-wipe run.	bladeandsoul	1476703838
Phew, I guess grinding out those 100 wins during the WWV event and living through that misery was worth it.	bladeandsoul	1476831555
...Did you not know this the whole time?  I found this out when soloing Brightstone in 45 cap days lmfao.	bladeandsoul	1476862844
Black Tower and Vortex Temple have bosses with 8 CC bars.  This should be fun.	bladeandsoul	1476863105
AAAAAHHHHHH MYSTERIOUS CRYSTALS + FACTION INSIGNIAS + FREEZING ORBS FUCKING YESMy alts finally have some use outside of being cockblocked by insignias for gear upgrade/freezing orbs for HM skill/mysterious crystals for hepta transmute ty based NCSoft	bladeandsoul	1476902950
I have a few mysterious crystals stuck on my alts so it would help a lot being able to put them all in one place lol	bladeandsoul	1476903640
Good thing I saved my visasa necklace, be ido earring, and ice ring lol	bladeandsoul	1476942503
100 ornaments for an accessory and 50 + other stuff for a weapon?  Is this for fucking real?  That cost is absolutely insane...	bladeandsoul	1476944899
It's 10k BP (2 whirlwind tokens) AND 100 ornaments, in case you can't tell from the picture.	bladeandsoul	1476945865
&gt;100 ornaments for an accessory&gt;50 [ornaments] + other stuff [stingers + bp items] for a weapon????	bladeandsoul	1476946249
I disagree with this.  Having multiple low stacks makes it easier to split between people that aren't on the same server.	bladeandsoul	1476989252
Are you guaranteed to get the bracelet for your class in the box?  Or is that RNG as well?	bladeandsoul	1477002203
I only run 4m Tomb and Citadel with friends from another clan (and the clan is on average very high geared + skilled on top of that), and they're all about 30+ AP and 7k DPS over me (I pull like 17k in a party setting)	bladeandsoul	1477085719
I haven't seen a necklace yet and happened to get my ring in a pseudo-clan run for 200, so it's more like just weird RNG that I have the ring but no necklace.Edit: Also ring isn't *terrible* for me since I have high base crit as an FM so I'm willing to take the -200 crit, but necklace would be preferable yes.	bladeandsoul	1477085841
I know lol, I play on a Mac with 150 ping so that might be part of it	bladeandsoul	1477088519
that's...with mudfish LOLidk what's going on, my internet is just bad and there's not much i can do about so i try to offset it with gear :s	bladeandsoul	1477119942
California, but my internet is pretty bad I think	bladeandsoul	1477141357
Well that's what the in game latency meter says so idkI also have like 20 FPS afk in town and 10 FPS in combat so I'm trying to save up for a new computer @_@ rip	bladeandsoul	1477166088
Well, we know the next step is to break your arms.	tifu	1477181368
I used to think that doing 6 man mech was easier, but as I got more experience, I found that it's better to cover for mistakes by doing 4 man mechs and have 2 subs.  If you do 6 man mechs and someone messes up marker at the second marking in each set of 3, the people taking 2 balls end up not being able to conduct and end up killing people.  If you do 4 man mechs, there is a ton of room for error, and even if nobody messes up, the 2 subs can take a single ball anytime in a set just to boost their DPS.	bladeandsoul	1477224371
Masterwork primers, Oblivion 8 (for Ebondrake pieces, not available next patch), Ebondrake 8 (for Oblivion pieces, not available next patch)	bladeandsoul	1477246051
Did it on 2 characters, so Flashback and 3 Taikhan's Foreskins to get stage 4	bladeandsoul	1477266956
&gt;Force Master&gt;Force Blast (Stage 3) now enables Inferno (X) when successfully hitting an enemy with 5 Ember stacks.Strangely translated, but this is the change that makes HM Inferno instant cast on 5-ember Force Blast hit, correct?	bladeandsoul	1477412386
Sorry the post was really long, I edited it in.	bladeandsoul	1477420699
Sorry the post was really long, I edited it in.	bladeandsoul	1477420703
I think the really shitty thing is the fact that the legendary accessory isn't tradeable.  All the previous dungeons were worth farming to some extent because of a tradeable drop that you can sell to other people to make some money.  But if you look at the legendary accessories, it is literally meaningless if you have a party of 4 people who all already have it.  I think the minimum bid of legendary accessory should be raised to 300 or even 500 gold, so that in the event that nobody wants the drop, the party still makes some money off of it, because it is clearly worth much more than 100g.	bladeandsoul	1477425238
When you hit an enemy with 5 ember stacks with Force Blast, your HM Inferno becomes instantly available to cast.	bladeandsoul	1477488751
I'm assuming dragon beam = Blazing Beam, since you don't use Dragonblaze outside of keeping the buff up.Awakened Dragonchar is much better burst damage than Awakened Blazing Beam.  If you have 2 or more warlocks in your party, spec Dragonchar 100%.However, Dragonchar cost a lot of focus and isn't really sustainable outside of Soulburn, so it is lower DPS in your normal rotation.  If there are no warlocks in your party, spec Blazing Beam 100%.If there is one warlock in your party, it depends on the boss.  Dragonchar favors shorter fights or fights with clearly defined phases in which you need to burst the boss without doing constant mechanics, while Blazing Beam favors long fights and fights with irregular phases where there isn't a set time to pop Soulburn.TL;DR: Blazing Beam if no Warlocks or 1 Warlock + long fight with irregular boss phases, Dragonchar otherwise	bladeandsoul	1477500813
Yep, FM has like 6 different specs, each differing from each other by more than 3 skills.  Such a pain in the ass.  I was considering buying an extra page, but I realized it wouldn't make a difference anyway because I would still need to respec for stuff.	bladeandsoul	1477501064
holy shit...i wish my game was that smooth e____e	bladeandsoul	1477504285
My FPS goes down every patch.  Was 25 2 months ago, 15-20 last patch.  Not looking forward to what will happen once I do a cross-server dungeon when I get back home today.	bladeandsoul	1477504544
It is your restraint skill, added a few months ago.  When a Destroyer or Blade Dancer specs their grab to "restrain enemy" or "put enemy in restraint status," all players hitting the enemy (mob/boss for PvE, opponent player for 3v3/6v6/faction PvP) get to use their restraint skill, which is a spammable, no cost skill that does enormous amounts of damage.  It is the single highest damage skill during a grab (stronger than awakened skill), so it is definitely worth spamming.	bladeandsoul	1477519430
5 gold for 185 max?  The fuck are you kidding me lol what a joke	bladeandsoul	1477534500
Nope, it doesn't work on NA either	bladeandsoul	1477544224
&gt;30-day Awakened Breeze WeaponHoly crap, this weapon is better than like the weapons of half the level 50s I see in F8 lmao	bladeandsoul	1477594591
I am an FM with 1 skill page.  I have to change my build literally every single time I do something different (different dungeon boss, different dungeon party comp, SSP, Naksun, PvP, 6v6, ToI).  It takes a minute at absolute most.  Don't complain.	bladeandsoul	1477606719
Awakened Dragonchar is much better burst damage than Awakened Blazing Beam.  If you have 2 or more warlocks in your party, spec Dragonchar 100%.However, Dragonchar cost a lot of focus and isn't really sustainable outside of Soulburn, so it is lower DPS in your normal rotation.  If there are no warlocks in your party, spec Blazing Beam 100%.If there is one warlock in your party, it depends on the boss.  Dragonchar favors shorter fights or fights with clearly defined phases in which you need to burst the boss without doing constant mechanics, while Blazing Beam favors long fights and fights with irregular phases where there isn't a set time to pop Soulburn.TL;DR: Blazing Beam if no Warlocks or 1 Warlock + long fight with irregular boss phases, Dragonchar otherwise	bladeandsoul	1477647718
I do it when messing around in 45 content or easy 6 mans (so same times I would use ice build for FM).  For 4 mans and more serious content like Tomb and Citadel, I still go fire.	bladeandsoul	1477683502
KFM and Destroyer didn't really get any gameplay changes.  KFM is still a tank, and Des is still a support grab class (the only change is restraint on grab).	bladeandsoul	1477686444
I'm assuming this would be a PvP-specific nerf.  It's perfectly balanced in dungeons.	bladeandsoul	1477693543
If they don't require soulstones to feed: Feed them to your weapon to level it upIf they do require soulstones to feed: Salvage them for element powder, then either transmute element packages with element powder and SS OR feed alpine weapons instead	bladeandsoul	1477693701
Is NA getting this hotfix too?	bladeandsoul	1477697956
This was posted a few days ago, but yeah it's bugged.While we're at it, it would be nice to see other people's infusion values as well, so we can see which people are the ones that are cheap and don't infuse their soul shields.	bladeandsoul	1477698147
That doesn't negate the fact that NA needs it as well, I didn't say a thing about EU.	bladeandsoul	1477698832
Oh man, the days when I was using Dokumo Critical and Blackram Supply soul shields and farming 24 mans on 2 characters to get 2 characters to Awakened Pirate.  Good times.	bladeandsoul	1477725105
It's not RNG, you just need to know the pattern.  Don't use chill RMB, he has an internal cooldown on freezes (so you can't perma-freeze him) and, chill, like on all other bosses, may cause unexpected behavior if he is frozen in the middle of a phase.	bladeandsoul	1477728021
Lol, hi Saber.Question for my BM: Why do you not use HM Block when he grabs the fake marker during the stealth phases at 50% and after?  That way it doesn't take an eternity for them to run back and regroup with the rest of the party, and the person getting grabbed (to get his buff eaten) can usually tank the knockback damage anyway.Question for my FM: Do you have any strategies as to how a ranged character should tank Zakhan?  I've tanked all 3 bosses before from start to finish, and I have the most trouble with the last one because I keep getting shit on by his big AoEs.	bladeandsoul	1477757715
Wat, sin is high tier DPS along with FM lol	bladeandsoul	1477762398
I don't even understand what he's trying to say lmao	bladeandsoul	1477780140
I just use it when I happen to be doing 24 mans, I don't specially take time or go out of the way to farm with them.	bladeandsoul	1477780219
My question is why is he using a trash weapon when he has maxed accessories and legendary ring lolIt must be an accident and he didn't change his weapon from clearing mobs before probably	bladeandsoul	1477800183
General merchants sell primers, but they are very expensive and inefficient, so it's better to use soul warden primers like before.	bladeandsoul	1477856108
Check general merchants, they have some but they're not really worth it	bladeandsoul	1477856142
BSC gives siren accessories and belt, BSH gives pirate accessories and bracelet and skill books, Lab gives relic pieces for Moonwater SoulThey're not exactly useless, just not farmable	bladeandsoul	1477867502
how do you only do 18k DPS with soulburn and demonic energy o-o i do that much with no buffs lol	bladeandsoul	1477867649
I never kill the adds because 90% of the time my parties kill the boss too fast for the adds to matter.  The only thing I have to do is drop a veil in the middle of the arena, and then the adds don't do enough damage to be a threat.	bladeandsoul	1477898456
Welp, I have all my HM skills.  This is just great.	bladeandsoul	1477947954
At least Asura gives a ton of daily money, so it's always worth it to run it once a day.  But Nexus and Necro make me want to puke.	bladeandsoul	1477948371
Whoops, ~~I'll get that fixed~~ fixed it.	bladeandsoul	1477948985
Funnily enough, Nexus is actually the dungeon with the 3rd highest gold reward from the daily quest; it only loses to Asura and Ebondrake Citadel.	bladeandsoul	1477951326
Yeah, this rotation is worse for every character that is under 600 AP (so new players/alts) because it is incredibly F8-unfriendly.	bladeandsoul	1477951759
Just make a party like 600+ or 650+ for 4 man and kick anyone who doesn't have 3 piece Be Ido or better.  Works for me every time.	bladeandsoul	1477956331
Sunflower is not a projectile, so Divine Veil doesn't block it.	bladeandsoul	1477956452
I mean...Frostscale, TGW, and Beastbog are good if you're a 40/40 type of person or if you are close to leveling up.  Otherwise people aren't really gonna do them no.	bladeandsoul	1477957889
Yeah, I would only do 6-0 if the entire party is above 600, and I would only do 4-0 if the entire party is above 700.  Anything under than that isn't very reliable unless there's both blue buff and soulburn.	bladeandsoul	1477958040
Necro is super easy.  Asura is not.  6-man Asura is a complete shitfest if your party is clueless.  From my experiences running on my alt, inexperienced people are literally unable to understand concepts like looking at buff bars to KD at 3 stacks, stunning to save the tank, CCing adds properly, blocking orbs, kiting fire AoEs, and taking flowers.  Even the basic idea of grouping for phases goes over the heads of most people in F8.  People will literally fuck up every possible thing.  I would not hesitate to say that 6-man Asura is the 3rd hardest 6-man dungeon in the game (behind Tomb and Citadel, harder than Masts and Yeti) if your party is bad/low geared/low HM level.	bladeandsoul	1477959214
Small fix: trade your gold, don't mail it.  Avoids enormous mailing fees on top of taxes.  Also screenshot every single transaction.	bladeandsoul	1477970609
Maybe they haven't run enough Tomb to get good rolls on their pieces 357/567/578?  You never know.	bladeandsoul	1478020567
My music has been randomly cutting out in the middle of combat too.  It's too bad because I really like the Infernal Lord and Ebondrake Prison (between Magolka and Zakhan) themes.	bladeandsoul	1478023734
Single KD is okay with BD and KFM (and maybe some other classes but I don't know them well enough to say) because they have a knockdown that cannot be specced out of (no matter how many points they put in it the skill will KD), so it will show up to prompt joint attack regardless of what stance they are in.  This only works if you tell the party beforehand, though.	bladeandsoul	1478023927
Some bosses like Yeti, Winter Mane, and Twisted Magolka require frequent CCs, and people's double CCs may still be on cooldown.	bladeandsoul	1478024167
Most people don't specifically spec into 2 double CCs unless they're doing a mechanic that requires it though	bladeandsoul	1478025686
I am not speccing into any CC on my BM because I can't spec threat and CC at same time (not enough points) lol.  BD loses a way to get into draw stance.  Can't say for other classes, but I know a lot of them lose DPS by speccing into CC.	bladeandsoul	1478026806
&gt;can't just waste x or c at the startWait, aren't you supposed to open the fight with RMB Z LMB Xchannel?	bladeandsoul	1478041889
&gt; and champion.gg sorted by win rates doesn't tell me very much informationI already checked it, but it puts super niche and borderline troll options like Karthus top at the top of the list lmao	leagueoflegends	1478071958
FM: It's okay.  Meteor gets reset which is good.  Inferno only gets reset if you use Stage 2 (instant cast), but nobody uses that because of the HM Inferno buff.  There isn't enough time to build up orbs to be able to use Dual Dragons multiple times, though.BM: It's mediocre.  Lightning Draw/Searing Slash and 5 Point Strike get reset, which is isn't really where most of the DPS comes from in the damage rotation, but it helps keep threat.  Phoenix Wing/Blade Call and HM Soaring Falcon can't be reset, so that sucks.BD: It's garbage.  Thunder Slash can be reset to give 3 free lightning orbs every cast, but that still requires ani-cancelling for maximum efficiency, so there isn't enough time.  Storm Cleave can be reset, but it's useless as a damage skill unless the boss is stunned or dazed for 5 seconds straight, which is most likely never going to happen.  Lightning Draw and Flaming Scourge can't be reset, so that sucks.	bladeandsoul	1478086419
Can someone tell me the top ranked clans in Poharan/Iksanun blue?  I'm looking for a clan with relatively high geared members focusing on end game content.	bladeandsoul	1478089277
Can someone tell me the top ranked clans in Poharan/Iksanun blue?  I'm looking for a clan with relatively high geared members focusing on end game content.	bladeandsoul	1478089327
Can someone tell me the top ranked clans in Poharan/Iksanun blue?  I'm looking for a clan with relatively high geared members focusing on end game content.	bladeandsoul	1478089350
&amp;gt; and champion.gg sorted by win rates doesn't tell me very much informationI already checked it, but it puts super niche and borderline troll options like Karthus top at the top of the list	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1478119060
Nice that this exists, but it is literally useless because of the insane cost.	bladeandsoul	1478123331
Agree, Citadel and Tomb are puggable but it's not easy to get fast and consistent clears unless everyone is over 680 AP	bladeandsoul	1478123593
I'm curious now, why is the stun on a higher CD than the KD and daze on the same skill?  Aren't they all CCs?  You need all 3 for PvE anyway.  For context, I don't really do PvP hardcore so I never bothered to learn the nitty gritty mechanics of high level PvP.	bladeandsoul	1478123938
They need to increase the drop rate for the boxes.  Farming for this shit is absolute cancer.  I've been doing 1 run of Lair, Yeti, and Necro (edit: 4m) on my BM alt every single day ever since I got Awakened Breeze and I've only seen 1 Tormented Sword ever.  I am now True Breeze and 580 AP and I still need another one. &gt;.&gt;	bladeandsoul	1478159634
I do do 4 man lol the drop rate is still shit	bladeandsoul	1478189177
I should totally be a writer for this Kappa(but actually though it would be nice if there were guides on these dungeons from multiple classes' POV to help people learn class-specific mechanics)	bladeandsoul	1478245200
&gt;does it affect auto detonate build too?Auto detonate is not a build.  It is a stupid troll playstyle that fucks over all other FMs in the party.And no, HM Impact is used only if the party has no blocking class in a dungeon that requires block AND there is at least 1 (maybe 2) other FMs in the party to apply burn, because the person with HM Impact has no way to consistently apply burn themselves.  For example, the party comp is FM FM FM Sum at Drill Sergeant.	bladeandsoul	1478247555
I'm only saying specs because those skills don't have projectile block by default and they have to spec into it to get the protection.  But yeah, you're right.	bladeandsoul	1478247627
Cross server isn't gonna be end game when Midnight Skypetal Plains, Black Tower, and Vortex Temple come out.  Raids are by far the hardest content in the game and they are walk in only.	bladeandsoul	1478285336
1. Nobody wants to be the marker because if anything goes wrong, they take the blame.  Even if someone else was too close/was too far/SSed on accident/got hit.2. Continuing off that last point, if the person assigned to 2 or 3 fails to group, the marker dies.  The person who fucked up (usually) doesn't die.  This rewards the people who fuck up and punishes the people who do things right.  Nobody wants to be the one to die meaninglessly because of someone else's mistake.3. It so much more work for the marker because they have to be the one to resposition every single time while the rest of the party can just walk 2 steps and then sandbag DPS for a full minute.4. The marker has much less DPS than the other people because he literally spends half the fight walking or getting grabbed, and we all know how F8 warriors are all about dat sick DPS.	bladeandsoul	1478287841
Your points are correct; the marking is random, but not field-wide random.  Aman doesn't mark anyone in a certain range; he only marks people that are very far or very close, and the lights align to face the marker.  Several classes (like FM, idk about others) have a way to cheese the mechanic, but only if the entire party is willing to cooperate, and 1 person messing up = instant wipe with no chi restoration.	bladeandsoul	1478288449
Can someone tell me the top ranked clans in Poharan/Iksanun blue? I'm looking for a clan with relatively high geared members focusing on end game content, preferably one that doesn't run too much with statics.	bladeandsoul	1478288684
I play on a Mac running Bootcamp, and my specs are:Intel Core i5-4258 CPU @ 2.40 GHz8 GB RAM64 bit OSIntel Iris Graphics 510080 GB partitioned, SSD (just enough for the game and some basic programs like Chrome and Word, I use Windows only for BnS and nothing else)I get about 10-15 FPS in combat, 5 when doing stuff like Minou, Iruga, and SSP.  Are my specs bad?  Is there anything I can do to improve aside from buying a new computer/SSD?	bladeandsoul	1478288872
I play on a Mac running Bootcamp, and my specs are:Intel Core i5-4258 CPU @ 2.40 GHz8 GB RAM64 bit OSIntel Iris Graphics 510080 GB partitioned, SSD (just enough for the game and some basic programs like Chrome and Word, I use Windows only for BnS and nothing else)I get about 10-15 FPS in combat, 5 when doing stuff like Minou, Iruga, and SSP.  Are my specs bad?  Is there anything I can do to improve aside from buying a new computer/SSD?	bladeandsoul	1478288875
Gonna piggyback off this thread for visibility.I play on a Mac running Bootcamp, and my specs are:Windows 10Intel Core i5-4258 CPU @ 2.40 GHz8 GB RAM64 bit OSIntel Iris Graphics 510080 GB partitioned, SSD (just enough for the game and some basic programs like Chrome and Word, I use Windows only for BnS and nothing else)I get about 10-15 FPS in combat, 5 when doing stuff like Minou, Iruga, and SSP.  Are my specs bad?  Is there anything I can do to improve aside from buying a new computer/SSD?	bladeandsoul	1478288892
You need to upgrade.  True Siren is equivalent to Awakened Oathbreaker (which is very early in weapon progression), and taking into account average pug skill level, you can't do dungeons consistently with that little AP unless you find a clan or a carry party.	bladeandsoul	1478289035
Gonna piggyback off this thread for visibility.I play on a Mac running Bootcamp, and my specs are:Windows 10Intel Core i5-4258 CPU @ 2.40 GHz8 GB RAM64 bit OSIntel Iris Graphics 510080 GB partitioned, SSD (just enough for the game and some basic programs like Chrome and Word, I use Windows only for BnS and nothing else)I get about 10-15 FPS in combat, 5 when doing stuff like Minou, Iruga, and SSP.  Are my specs bad?  Is there anything I can do to improve aside from buying a new computer/SSD?	bladeandsoul	1478292072
To add on to this, if the party has to KD due to low DPS, the boss jumps to the other side of the river.  However, he will not jump back right away; he will waste a lot of time throwing pots before jumping back.  This creates even more danger zones in the fight area (silver's original side) and wastes time because all 4 people are stuck doing no damage until the boss jumps back.	bladeandsoul	1478324955
Lol, I guess I'm just you in another universe :thinking:But yeah I agree completely with what you said.  The #1 thing that triggers me as a BM alt player is when people lure fire swords on top of the boss and I take half my HP and become useless for a full 10 seconds.  Like, n*gga, how do you expect me to efficiently tank when I lose so much free DPS time?  The second worst is when I'm forced to block and kite them because nobody else is willing to, which creates the same issue as above.At least Desolate Tomb doesn't give as much cancer, funnily enough, because everyone who runs it is already pretty experienced with the game and knows how to play their classes.	bladeandsoul	1478325406
Maybe it's a 1349 against a 1601 in duo queue.  You never know.	bladeandsoul	1478345349
Do you realistically need 800 AP for Sanctum or is it just a bloated F8 requirement?  I know that Aman has very high HP with no self-damaging mechanics.  Either way, NA/EU is in for a real treat at Furnace patch.	bladeandsoul	1478376900
You're a Warlock, literally any WL of any gear level can get this achievement by pressing Tab twice.	bladeandsoul	1478464200
Same here, every time I do Storage the automaton is dead by the time I load in lmao	bladeandsoul	1478492245
ToI isn't really full PvE content, it's more like a hybrid between PvE and PvP.	bladeandsoul	1478515288
Can someone tell me the top ranked clans in Poharan/Iksanun blue? I'm 720 AP and looking for a clan with relatively high geared members focusing on end game content.	bladeandsoul	1478551995
Yes, I'm getting tired of seeing the same posts every single day.  Same thing with the "what is the best soul shield now" posts.	bladeandsoul	1478552139
It's every character, but DC isn't really a good way to make money because the drop rate of gold from the DC chest is so bad.  It's just good because you get tons of exp charm fragments.	bladeandsoul	1478552738
Simple fix: don't allow more than 5 champions of a single role to be banned.  There, problem solved.	leagueoflegends	1478725432
Here's a HM4 PvE burn build with only cheap/basic HM skills: https://beta.bnstree.com/tree/FM?b=BJK1LyPexThere are many different PvP builds, though; one of the difficulties of FM PvP is that they have a different optimal build for every matchup.	bladeandsoul	1478743876
Can someone tell me the top ranked clans in Poharan/Iksanun blue? I'm 720 AP and looking for a clan with relatively high geared members focusing on end game content.	bladeandsoul	1478746482
As everyone else said, under 45% (once he stops doing the drinking phases), he will charge you if you're too far away from him.  If he's above 45%, he will throw 4 cups at you and then charge if you aren't back in range by his 4th cup toss.  Either way, this is not random; you have to adapt to the fight.	bladeandsoul	1478778008
Yeah RIP awakened dual dragons, no motivation to farm pieces 6-8 for me anymore since doing it just for regular DD isn't worth it.  Guess it was a good call to keep my perfect stat Oblivion 678 pieces.	bladeandsoul	1478783709
No, it's either 2 or 3 for pigs and Terrors, definitely not 1.  There have been times I am absolutely certain did more than 1% due to combat log but didn't get credit because I started hitting late (2nd monster while grouping them in the middle) or got knocked back by a terror AoE while lagging.  I can join a GHS boss at like 20% and still get credit, those are the situations where you know it is 1%.	bladeandsoul	1478819623
Agreed, it's not worth farming pieces 678 when I have perfect Oblivion pieces 678 in my bank and Chokma SS from Black Tower is coming later.	bladeandsoul	1478819843
After the awakened skill changes, 8 piece is not a massive boost over 5+3 Oblivion for FMs anymore.  The reward/work ratio is way too low to warrant farming 678 unless you're a super anal min/maxer.	bladeandsoul	1478819923
I mean...I guess the crit damage isn't too bad.  Since I'm an FM with really high base crit, I can afford to lose the 200 crit from True Yeti.  The accuracy also lets me use a higher HP set (Oblivion 2 and Ebondrake 3 instead of Ebondrake 2 and Oblivion 3) while still staying above 120%, and I actually really like the HP for stuff like Taikhan and tanking Mengwol.I don't do 6v6, but I heard that's where it really shines because it negates the Galaxy buff.	bladeandsoul	1478847544
Are the golden seeds and masterwork primers only for the event or are they permanent?	bladeandsoul	1478858549
A fresh level 1 alt because they give you a ton of stuff for free I'd say, depending on your gear level it would probably be stronger than your 45	bladeandsoul	1478938773
This is for the new 24 man raid, but you will need a much higher gear level than what you have (like people are realistically gonna want 650 minimum for fast clears, 700 for higher stages).  Idk why he said to run this when you probably can't even do Asura, Nexus, and Masts; this is completely irrelevant for new players like you.	bladeandsoul	1479038367
In order of importance: HM Block (Yeti + Necro), HM Searing Slash (Royal Zen Bean), HM Lightning Draw (BSH), HM Breeze (Pellet), HM Soaring Falcon (Offals)	bladeandsoul	1479095878
Stage 5 Ring is not a DPS loss if you have over 6k or so crit and maxed accessories, and since he's an FM with high base crit, it's safe to assume that ring alone is worth it.	bladeandsoul	1479106595
For Mudfish, you use the node with the lowest RTT (Round Trip Time, or ping from you to node to server back to node to you) that has no errors (red numbers).  The best node for me is one that is halfway between me and the server, and it works pretty decently for me.	bladeandsoul	1479108832
Can someone tell me the top ranked clans in Poharan/Iksanun blue?  I'm looking for a clan with relatively high geared members focusing on end game content.	bladeandsoul	1479119920
Yeah, it would be nice to get some now.  The price will go up during Trove because of all the people who RNG gems but realize they don't have the slots for them.	bladeandsoul	1479239848
Yeah I just take a bunch of my laundry machine quarters and put a stack on the F key lmao	bladeandsoul	1479241123
Frostscale Basin if you're alone, Twisted Grimhorn Wilds if you're with a party	bladeandsoul	1479245944
HM Lightning Draw (BSH), HM Guardian Tempest (offals), HM Vortex (300 pages), HM Maelstrom (Yeti+Necro) are all good	bladeandsoul	1479254422
I like dragonblood.  It saves me healing tonic and dumpling money because naryu coins are worth less to me than healing tonics and dumplings lmao	bladeandsoul	1479282446
Here's a basic 50 HM4 build for dungeons: https://bnstree.com/tree/BM?b=Syo-D1welOnce you get more points you can work toward what the other guy said.  I personally still prefer to spec threat Rush and Sundering Sword though, because CC isn't usually your job in dungeons.	bladeandsoul	1479282847
Damn I only saw 2 mysterious crystals in 50 keys, do they drop one at a time or did it appear in a giant stack all at once?Also, what are those soul shields?  Are those the legendary Scarlet Shadow SS or something else?	bladeandsoul	1479336305
I had really hoped for Radiant Energy price to drop rather than go up, I just got enough Mysterious Crystals to get hepta ruby .____. zzz	bladeandsoul	1479352511
If you mean Chokma weapon, that's what we're getting after Baleful/Seraph Stage 12.	bladeandsoul	1479352724
My question is, why are you doing 6v6 when you know everyone is having DC issues?	bladeandsoul	1479449620
Assuming you intend to upgrade a gem to hepta, it's really good IMO; it's the only gem worth upgrading to hepta.  The others are just a minor AP and life drain increase and not much else, but having 1 more guaranteed crit is much better than 6 AP or 50 additional damage.  I had 4 rubies and blew over 200g on radiant energy earlier today to upgrade (I kept the last one for my BM alt), and it's not like I was gonna do anything else with money anyway because I'm maxed in every slot except stage 4 legendary (too lazy to upgrade) and necklace (RNG is a bitch).	bladeandsoul	1479449770
Why misty? o-o I would recommend Nexus and Necro instead, those 2 dailies give a lot of money.	bladeandsoul	1479510571
The proc rate doesn't improve at all actually.  But one extra crit is huge for damage.  And honestly 20 life drain and sustain in general don't matter at all when so many skills got reworked to include % HP healing or % damage based lifesteal.	bladeandsoul	1479517509
Optimize for low-end does absolutely nothing for me.  I still get no more than 5 FPS with 200 ping and it makes seeing poison even worse.  Hell, I literally cannot do stage 6 because 1) I cannot do enough DPS to stay in groups 1 and 2 and 2) I can't solo kill the grassquatch that drops watering can because I just get stunlocked and die.  NCSoft please.	bladeandsoul	1479523229
good, i didn't give a shit for this game's badly designed pvp anyway Kappa	bladeandsoul	1479523500
That's true.  I'll probably end up as webbing duty because spiders are far away from the group which gives me more FPS too.	bladeandsoul	1479550335
What do you recommend using for this?  I can't respec while affected with poison so I can't spec chill RMB mid battle.	bladeandsoul	1479550376
&gt;everyone else on this group is way under-gearedThen...gear up?  It's not hard lol, you're just not supposed to be able to kill stage 5-6 with a random group of pubs with low or average AP.	bladeandsoul	1479557711
I've had this disabled since Lab patch since it would always screw up my game at the boss fights, still freezing lol	bladeandsoul	1479597284
This is absolute BS how bad the drop rate for legendary SS is.  I've done about 3 days of 1-5 and have seen a chest in only like 1/3 of those...and none of those had a legendary.  Not looking forward to trying to roll crit on all of them.	bladeandsoul	1479599933
Visage+Protobelt+Zhonya is also 30% CDR, and you get so much more survivability with that.  Morello isn't worth it because so many stats are wasted.	VladimirMains	1479688880
Idk what is happening to Mudfish but like 75% of their servers in Southern California and Texas are either lagging or dead	bladeandsoul	1479691826
Anyone else's Mudfish not really working?  Like all the low score nodes have dead graphs and most of the time it's stuck at 10% auto configuration	bladeandsoul	1479695787
You also realize that pieces 6-8 require more flowers than pieces 1-3 right?	bladeandsoul	1479700741
I wouldn't bid more than what a normal sealed dungeon SS would be worth, so for me personally it's 1-2g.	bladeandsoul	1479785754
Honestly, since Taiwan just got the legendary nebula stone not too long ago, its going to be a very long time until we get it, if we get it at all.  And I don't think they will permanently discount legendary upgrade prices at all since it isn't like that in other regions.	bladeandsoul	1479854476
Assuming you don't have to do blocking, iframes, or mechanics at that given moment, and your ping and FPS aren't shit tier, you can keep up in DPS by using 3 Flickers followed by a Dragontongue when Conflagration isn't active, which you should repeat until Tab or V come back up.  So Tab-RRR (until Conflagration gone)-LLLR (until Tab back up)-Tab-RRR (repeat).If you block an attack with Violent Blade, you get Conflagration back, so you can spam R for another few seconds.  This is usually enough to get your Tab back up so you don't have to use Flicker.If you have to drop back into basic stance, use LLF (Conflagration Flash, need crit on LMB) or RRF (Conflagration Flash, requires Ember) or Q to get back into draw stance and do the LLLR cycle until you get Tab back up.	bladeandsoul	1479907088
Only the people who get shit on by them in PvP Krappa	bladeandsoul	1479950862
You can say the same about Spanish speaking players.  I have never seen one that was remotely competent at anything.	bladeandsoul	1480007781
No C or V?  	bladeandsoul	1480207835
Yeah you're good.  I'm just angry at the people who use it and, after I point it out, either refuse to get any PvE SS pieces for PvE content or simply don't say anything and refuse to switch when we're in the dungeon.	bladeandsoul	1480222812
Minimal for Tomb/Citadel is not 500 with crit/crit damage/accuracy/HM level values of a typical 500 (which is probably gonna be lower because accessories will be bad and not enough skill points for optimal build) lmfao.  Maybe 550 with an optimal party comp of buffs and/or restraint, 600 for comps with no buffs.  This is assuming they're actual new-ish characters and not people with maxed accessories + legendary neck/ring using a True Infernal weapon.	bladeandsoul	1480223153
How exactly are you getting 120% accuracy and 60% crit on pieces where none of the primary stats are accuracy or crit?  Do you have both legendary accessories stage 10?  I'm gonna need proof of that.	bladeandsoul	1480223596
To be fair, I don't blame people for doing 6m with unfused SS since they can't use northern criticals for cheap fuses anymore, and the soul shields themselves come from 6m mode.  But man, if a guy tries to do 4m Asura, Tomb, or Citadel without even fusing the very pieces that come from the dungeon itself...yer gettin' off my lawn.Edit: I meant "I don't blame people" not "don't blame people," didn't mean for it to sound like a command lol	bladeandsoul	1480236681
I'm not looking for a perfect run every run I get.  I just want some semblance that people are at least trying to do well and improve.  From my experience on F8, I am in the top half of DPS in about 80% of my runs on both of my characters (FM/BM), and I play at 15 FPS and 150 ping.  I know that I'm not amazing at the game, but I'm definitely above average.  I understand that people are human and make mistakes, so I never get mad when someone messes up a mechanic for the first time in a run.  I also keep telling people to speak up when they don't know something so I am aware of this ahead of time and teach people, instead of being hit with a truck at the final boss and wasting all my time and effort.I know people like that who actually get mad when I fail something small (even if it's only once), and it pisses me off in turn because they can't accept that not everyone is in the top 1% of their class in skill.  That is what I would truly call this "elitist trash" you refer to.  But when someone has complete unfused rainbow SS with absolutely no attempt to do dungeons/raids properly and intentionally refuses to learn, that is objectively a problem, and I can't see how you can be defending those people when all they do is screw up other people's gaming experiences.And way to use a throwaway instead of replying on your real account.	bladeandsoul	1480258618
&gt;Complains about other people's DPS and talks about kicking people from partiesIf you read, you will know this isn't only about DPS.  It's more about people who put in literally 0 work and expect to get carried in everything.  This is a legitimate complaint.&gt;Is shit at his class himself (both FM and BM hehexd)Have you even stepped foot in F8?  Isn't it cool that you have a reliable group of people to run with you so you don't have to step foot in that shithole?  Have you been disillusioned by only running with the very top end of people for so long so that you've forgotten what most pubs are like?  If you have ever done a run with me (I'm 99.9% sure I've seen you around but not sure about a real run), you will know for sure that I'm at least decent in all aspects of the game, and I have never done anything to intentionally fuck up a dungeon or raid.  I'm sorry that for you, not in the top 1% = shit.&gt;Plays on a Mac and gets shit fps, crippling his dps in part&gt;Gets 150-200ms (apparently) further crippling his dpsI'm sorry that the funds and ability to get a new computer are outside of my control at this moment.  You shouldn't be judging someone in game by what happens to them outside of it.&gt;Complains that he can't solo Grassquatch in MSPOnly on stage 6 as a character without block.  It's actually kinda hard if you try to play with the lag of 24 people around you.  &gt;Doesn't realize that one of the clans he tried to join, whose Discord he continues to sit in, doesn't want him there because he's not very smart nor good at his classI do know this perfectly, and there are a couple people who are fine with me there because they have run with me before, have realistic expectations of people, and know that I'm still much better than the average pleb.  How about you use your real Reddit/Discord account to confront me on this and not a throwaway?	bladeandsoul	1480259456
Elder SS is okay for ToI because at the higher floors, piercing and crit defense are more important than crit.  Also the set bonuses from Sparring and Challenger work wonders.  The best is still a mix of PvE and PvP SS though.	bladeandsoul	1480261343
You want the 8 piece bonus for sure, but if you have space in your vault I wouldn't be opposed to storing my good pieces rather than salvaging them in case I feel like rolling with something else.	bladeandsoul	1480261775
You do realize that the Nexus thing was literally only on release right?  Less than half a patch later I was totally fine with it and did everything correctly.MSP 1-5 are very easy and completely doable with any random group of people, even a non-full alliance.  I can do good DPS if there aren't 24 people in the zone.  If there is a full alliance, I generally don't say anything to start and hope I get placed in party 2 or 3 (if I'm in party 1 I ask to get switched out).  If I'm forced to do watering, I just ask someone to help me with grassquatch, and since we don't need 6 people to do watering on stages 4 and 5, usually someone is willing to help me.  Even if I don't ask for help, one person is usually there already anyway.  I don't ask for stage 6 runs on purpose because I know that it's too difficult to do with my current playing situation.  If I get stuck in one because the whole party wants to do it, same thing, I admit I can't solo it in time and just ask someone to help me, and usually one person is willing to take a little bit of time to do that and make my life infinitely easier.  Not to mention in some static raid groups they have pre-set people to do watering, so in about 30% of my raids this is a moot point anyway because my role would just be DPS.I don't ask too much from people.  Literally all I ask is for people to be willing to try and not intentionally use terrible gear because they're too lazy to do a cake walk 6 man dungeon.  I am totally fine if you run a SS that's not 12468 Ebondrake 357 Oblivion because I'm not an asshole and I know RNG on SS rolls sucks.  But this is a whole different level from people who only use LMB RMB on a boss because they're too lazy to do anything else, or people who use 3 piece Elder 2 piece Twisted 1 piece Yeti 2 piece Labyrinth trying to go into hard content without having proven that they can do easy and medium level content.Lol @ the Choco comment.  I've run with him plenty of times before, and there is no way in hell that he's "a much better player."  He isn't bad at all, he's definitely better than I am, but saying he's astronomically better in the context you're giving is flat-out wrong.I know I'm not amazing at the game, but over a lot of experience with every bit of content in this game, I really do have a good sense of where I stand, and I can confidently state that I am slightly above average on the grand scale of things.  Skill is more than DPS, FPS, or ping.  Have you ever seen me trash someone because they live in SEA?  You can't possibly think it's fair to judge my skill, or anyone's, based on unavoidable playing situations and statements way in the past that have since been fixed.  If you think that way, then the issue is on you not me.	bladeandsoul	1480266916
It's not just about hitting enrage though.  A lot of runs become easier if the party is able to skip mechanics.  For example, if your party has enough DPS you can completely skip Yeti ice phase or Scorpion Queen AoEs or Asura lifebloom phase (in which case it's a money thing too because you don't have to use antidotes all dungeon if you skip 70 and 50%).  And if we could have skipped phases but fail to because someone is intentionally trolling, then there is absolutely no excuse.	bladeandsoul	1480288416
Use 12345 Mythic Strike 678 Oblivion for now, then swap to either 123 Oblivion 45678 Mythic Strike or 12345678 Mythic Strike depending on your RNG for pieces 6-8	bladeandsoul	1480289789
Gotta use muh sick HM Impact and BM air combo in PvE amirite	bladeandsoul	1480293952
How is you screaming and raging in voice chat any better?  You literally rage quit a Tomb run on us because you kept messing up and tilting everyone.  You keep on going on and on about how shit you are, and after a certain point it does nothing but confirm the fact that you are shit and people don't want to run with you because any failure tilts people to the point that we can't even clear the dungeon anymore.And that masts run was a learning run for everyone in the party.  It was in 4-man mode, literally the first or second day it was released.  Everyone was messing up.  I do admit that I had more trouble than the others and needed more time to learn the dungeon to its full extent, but nobody else was playing perfectly on day 1 either.  It's not like I died 5% in while everyone else was 3-manning the boss like they have had months of experience.  Others' mispositions, missed heals, missed blocks, not doing enough damage to push phases, and turning the boss toward the center of the death circle all directly/indirectly led to me getting killed, and in those cases you can't put 100% of the blame on me.	bladeandsoul	1480299867
You don't have to make this thread targeted at FMs.  Yes they are good at being markers.  But summoners and warlocks can do it just as well.  Hell, any class can theoretically be marker as long as their W, A, S, D, F, Tab, and Spacebar keys aren't broken.FMs don't need to use Q/E to go into range of the boss.  In fact, it is actually bad to do so half of the time because using it too close may make them dash behind the boss, which will screw up the positioning and will instantly fail the mechanic in 80% of situations.  All they (any marker) have to do is move 16m away and then hop while walking forward (because it is faster than walking normally), and it will work 100% of the time.	bladeandsoul	1480300733
I-what.  Since when did I scream at other people all the time?  I only get mad when someone makes the same mistake like 3 times in a row and it is an objectively easy mistake that is not ping-reliant (I consider these to be like like pressing C to projectile shield in Asura or CCing Drill Sergeant/adds in Iruga or blocking Heavenpiercer).  Like I don't get mad when it's a more complex issue like you turn Taikhan into me (which is incredibly annoying if you didn't know), or you kill me by failing to conduct your role properly in Tomb (mentioned above), or someone fails to stealth in Citadel (timing is ping-reliant and sometimes people are just off by half a second, whatever).  Hell, I don't even talk in half the Discords I'm in LOL, are you high?  Have you even seen me play recently?And FYI, I'm pretty sure that FM you brought in was another person from our clan who both had much higher AP/crit/crit damage and was way more experienced with the dungeon (since he had already ran it a couple times).  So you're getting mad at the new person (aka me) here, which is, funnily enough, hypocritical on your part.	bladeandsoul	1480310916
Then summoners should be force summoners because they force everyone they go against to want to uninstall	bladeandsoul	1480311851
Tfw i sheath a red spinning destroyer and I can't see because I have models off lmfao	bladeandsoul	1480322782
Most of the time in my 4 man runs, about 1-2 stingers drop at a time from every boss.  If the first one goes for 1 copper, we usually rotate because nobody cares if they get 1 fewer stinger.  If someone pays for the first one, I expect them to pay for all of them.  Stacks of stingers (like 7+) are paid for every time though.	bladeandsoul	1480409151
wtf grand majority of people can't even hit 25k dps lol	bladeandsoul	1480448155
Moonlight soul shield is better than Asura soul shield, so if he's already farming MSP it's a good idea to go Moonlight 12345 + Yeti-&gt;Be Ido 678.  Besides, it's going to be basically impossible to get into an Asura party at his AP unless he gets a 600 AP person to carry him because he's dead weight with such low crit and accuracy.	bladeandsoul	1480448445
During soulburn, or during a mechanic that makes it so grabbing kills everyone (like right after you stun Yeti)	bladeandsoul	1480492076
I'm looking to buy a new computer to run B&amp;S more smoothly, as this 4-year-old shitter Mac just doesn't cut it.  I want to play at at least 60 FPS on low settings.  What are the minimum specs required in order to do this?&amp;nbsp;The laptops I am currently looking at already have these:* SSD: Trying to get one with 256 GB SSD, irrelevant* Memory: Trying to get one with 8 or 16 GB RAM, irrelevant as well* Processor: Trying to get one with Intel i7, not sure what the difference between each is, but I don't think it's THAT important right?* Graphics card: Here's where my question is.  What is the minimum NVIDIA GeForce graphics card that I need to run smoothly?  I have several options with GTX 860M, GTX 940M, 950M, and GTX 960M, and I know that the GTX 960M is a super powerful graphics card that can run most games smoothly on high settings.  I don't really care for that, however, and I am perfectly fine playing on low settings as I am now.  Would I be able to go with the lower one(s) to save money?&amp;nbsp;Any help would be appreciated, thanks!	bladeandsoul	1480495427
Does anyone know what NVIDIA GeForce graphics card corresponds to 60 FPS at low settings?  Is 860M enough?	bladeandsoul	1480495432
I'm looking to buy a new computer to run B&amp;S more smoothly, as this 4-year-old shitter Mac just doesn't cut it.  I want to play at at least 60 FPS on low (1-2) settings with Ctrl-F enabled (all characters turned off).  What are the minimum specs required in order to do this?&amp;nbsp;The laptops I am currently looking at already have these:* SSD: Trying to get one with 256 GB SSD, irrelevant* Memory: Trying to get one with 8 or 16 GB RAM, irrelevant as well* Processor: Trying to get one with Intel i7, not sure what the difference between each is, but I don't think it's THAT important right?* Graphics card: Here's where my question is.  What is the minimum NVIDIA GeForce graphics card that I need to run smoothly?  I have several options with GTX 860M, GTX 940M, 950M, and GTX 960M, and I know that the GTX960M is a super powerful graphics card that can run most games smoothly on high settings.  I don't really care for that, however, and I am perfectly fine playing on low settings as I am now.  Would I be able to go with the lower one(s) to save money?&amp;nbsp;Any help would be appreciated, thanks!	bladeandsoul	1480496139
I'm okay with running games at low settings though, as long as it's pretty smooth (so around 60 FPS).  If it means that I can save some money, I'm willing to downgrade.  What is the minimum graphics card required to do so?  Is a 860M enough?	SuggestALaptop	1480496839
I'm okay with running games at low settings though, as long as it's pretty smooth (so around 60 FPS).  If it means that I can save some money, I'm willing to downgrade.  What is the minimum graphics card required to do so?  Is a 860M enough?	SuggestALaptop	1480496846
It's an i5 instead of an i7 though.  Would there be issues with CPU-intensive games having bad FPS/freezing?  I don't know too much about this whole computer thing.	SuggestALaptop	1480500731
The game I play is horribly optimized so it only runs on one core, so I would actually rather have 2 strong cores than 4 weaker cores.	SuggestALaptop	1480505028
I'm looking to buy a new computer to run B&amp;S more smoothly, as this 4-year-old shitter Mac just doesn't cut it.  I want to play at at least 60 FPS on low settings.  What are the minimum specs required in order to do this?&amp;nbsp;The laptops I am currently looking at already have these:* SSD: Trying to get one with 256 GB SSD, irrelevant* Memory: Trying to get one with 8 or 16 GB RAM, irrelevant as well* Processor: Trying to get one with Intel i7, not sure what the difference between each is, but I don't think it's THAT important right?* Graphics card: Here's where my question is.  What is the minimum NVIDIA GeForce graphics card that I need to run smoothly?  I have several options with GTX 860M, GTX 940M, 950M, and GTX 960M, and I know that the GTX960M is a super powerful graphics card that can run most games smoothly on high settings.  I don't really care for that, however, and I am perfectly fine playing on low settings as I am now.  Would I be able to go with the lower one(s) to save money?&amp;nbsp;Any help would be appreciated, thanks!	bladeandsoul	1480505299
So all of these parts are for assuming one is building their own desktop, correct?  I am more of a mobile person, though; I would like to use my computer for multiple things including school and work, so a laptop means a lot to me.  In addition, although it will probably not be very often, I would like to have the possibility of carrying my computer and playing League of Legends or Blade &amp; Soul at a friend's house.  If so, I don't mind settling for like 30 FPS with all settings lowest and all characters off in MSP.   I just want my game to not freeze randomly during the battle so I get more than 9k DPS lmao.Also about that i5 vs i7 comment, is the i7 not strictly better than the i5?  Are you saying I should go for an i5 instead of an i7 because the money that I save by downgrading the processor is better spent on other things like upgrading the graphics card?	bladeandsoul	1480509340
Wait so, I literally cannot overclock the CPU on a laptop?  Would getting a dual core instead of a quad core help to not split the processing power too thinly?	bladeandsoul	1480509456
And this is all at lowest settings right?  I'm honestly fine with that as long as my game doesn't randomly freeze so I can actually do more than 9k DPS lmao.	bladeandsoul	1480509500
Which laptop is it with what specs, if I may ask?	bladeandsoul	1480536737
Oh yeah I probably should've mentioned that.  I have a limit of $1000 USD as this is a graduation gift from my parents; the next computer I can get will be with my own money, so I will get a desktop once I hold a stable job for a year or two and save up some money.	bladeandsoul	1480536938
What?  3 points in Fire Fury makes you able to keep up in DPS even when using DD, left tree LMB is only for very very poor and low leveled people who can't afford pellet and don't have enough points to spec Fire Fury	bladeandsoul	1480538199
I was told Seraph is better for Leech CD unless you have near perfect rotations with under 30 ping or something like that, in which case Baleful is better for resets	bladeandsoul	1480677567
I didn't know I could put points in skills until I was level 36.  No wonder leveling was so damn hard and I did no damage to bosses.  .____.	bladeandsoul	1480712894
You need to do 14k DPS per person after factoring in mechanics, so you can do it with a full party of 650s if you have blue buff or soulburn (probably don't need both to kill boss but your life would be easier if you had both).	bladeandsoul	1480716831
I was at a frat party like thing and she kept asking me to dance but I was too clueless.  She even grabbed my hand and tried to run with me to the dance floor.  I got there by myself later and she grabbed my hands again and tried to dance with me but I just stood there like an awkward idiot.A little piece of me dies inside every time this comes up in my head.	AskReddit	1480732004
I kinda know the general mechanics already (like Ronacor damages himself if you have 3 flowers and heals if you have 1 or 2 flowers/don't take flowers at all, Mugan automatically enrages if he overheats too much, etc.), I just don't know the small details.  These questions assume one knows enough to not get the party killed but not enough to actually do the mechanics and carry.	bladeandsoul	1480978991
Well I would like to at least kinda know this beforehand because as of now I am going in and saying I'm not doing any mechanics and just DPSing, and I don't exactly want to piss off all my clanmates/friends/party members.	bladeandsoul	1480979723
So Frost Armor to avoid the lift, break out after everyone else is lifted, and sheath to avoid damage?  This goes with any ability that resists status effects (like red spin, defensive HM Emberstomp, Sanctum, etc.)?	bladeandsoul	1480980294
Even though it doesn't really have anything to do with Naryu, anything is better than Acrimor's Acrimony.  That name alone makes me want to never attempt the dungeon ever.	bladeandsoul	1480984460
Do you even know what you're talking about?  If you hit the boss with Searing Slash and 5 Point when you're under the 150% threat buff, it's almost impossible to lose it unless you get knocked back.  And if that happens less than 10 seconds in when the BM started, that person needs to either grow a pair of eyes or do more 6 man mode.  I was able to spec threat in every single one of my skills without losing any points in DPS skills at HM7.  I don't know what BMs you have been playing with, but I suck at BM compared to my friends who are BM mains and I can still hold aggro against 750+ people.	bladeandsoul	1480989411
78 is nothing lmao.  I have over 150 among 2 characters and I still don't have it (saw 2, but lost bid).  There are people nearing 300 who still don't have it.	bladeandsoul	1480998174
What do you mean by 360 tank?  And is it a bad thing?  I've never seen anyone complain about it even when I'm tanking.	bladeandsoul	1481013399
I meant when you have the threat buff and use a skill that generates 300% threat, it stacks to become 750% of the total damage from LD and 5PS.	bladeandsoul	1481019819
The other popular one is Poharan+Iksanun	bladeandsoul	1481024408
Good let it be a lesson to people who wasted their time on this useless shit KappaWhat are you gonna do, submit a ticket asking for your time back?  LUL	bladeandsoul	1481060289
Nice to know someone sees me as a killer whale lul	bladeandsoul	1481060714
I personally don't use Dragonblaze unless I get 3 fire orbs for free from HM Inferno because a) I keep forgetting and b) if I remember I usually get lazy.  So my Dragonblaze buff uptime is more like 40-50% of the time on average.	bladeandsoul	1481067273
except my fire fury inexplicably lags half the time so i dont get the full 3 orbs for some reason which is the third most tilting shit in the world after auto det and random sheaths	bladeandsoul	1481070345
except my fire fury inexplicably lags half the time so i dont get the full 3 orbs for some reason which is the third most tilting shit in the world after auto det and random sheaths	bladeandsoul	1481070348
#5 is the other case where you have 100% uptime because I wanted to cover both extremes	bladeandsoul	1481070530
I've been playing since launch and am HM11 on my main (FM), HM9 on my alt (BM, started in June), and HM8 (9 after I finish story) on my first main that I rerolled from (BD).  Most hardcore people I know who started with me and play more than I do are now HM12 or 13.  Before Silverfrost, I did purples, EFSC, NSH, Misty Woods, and PvP on my BD and FM every day.  After Silverfrost, I only do the harder purples and purples that generate the most money.  I usually only do at most 10-15 dailies every day nowadays, including daily challenge, and my EXP is in a pretty good place.  So if you're falling behind, you're just not doing that much on a single character.	bladeandsoul	1481075033
Thanks for the detailed answer!  I have Baleful Bangle stage 4 (soon to be 6), so I am aware this is different for most people.  I also have the 40% buff from Dragonblaze, so I know it's different for other classes as well.  I'll put these into my DPS calculation spreadsheet and see what I get.	bladeandsoul	1481075427
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pSeq9C8CIDrzZs1EJ78bKO7BDZIR8LQeppTVLI3In4w/edit?usp=sharingThis is the spreadsheet I made with my stats.	bladeandsoul	1481082151
MSPLegendary Oblivion and Be Ido have the same stat distribution as Twisted Yeti and Bloodshade.  Labyrinth has the same stat distribution as Asura Moonlight and Ebondrake.	bladeandsoul	1481085179
If you're staying at stage 1 legendary, it's almost no DPS increase for a massive price, even after reductions.  It's simply not worth it.  True Scorpio or stage 3 only, maybe wait to save for even higher stages for classes like warlock KFM and BD.	bladeandsoul	1481092388
I've always wanted to play my fire build Bombard assassin, RIP	bladeandsoul	1481092435
Just edited it in.Boost means you have a % elemental damage boost, aka you are an FM with Dragonblaze buff or BD with HM Flaming Scourge.	bladeandsoul	1481102249
The crit rate and crit damage percentages take the weapon proc into account.  My weapon is at Baleful stage 6, so I get a bonus 7% crit and 19.3% crit damage that I factor into my stats.  I can edit those out if I want to find out my DPS without weapon proc though.The % elemental damage boost is specific to FM and BD.  Look up Flame Soul (all the way at the bottom, left side) for force master and Z Stage 5 Tier 4 for blade dancer on BnSTree.  I'm going to talk about FM here because they are the only class that can have a 100% uptime on their buff, while BD's HM Flaming Scourge only lasts for a couple seconds, so I will talk about this from my point of view.  When I use Dragonblaze, I get 40% bonus fire damage, and then it is increased again by 100.  From January all the way until yesterday, it was impossible to get elemental damage from gear.  So when I use Dragonblaze right now, I get 0 * 1.4 + 100 = 100 fire damage in my stats, which with the formula corresponds to 104% fire damage.  This means that all of my skills that do fire damage (Blazing Palm, Blazing Beam/Dragonchar, Inferno, Meteor Storm, and some other irrelevant damage skills that do low damage) get 4% bonus damage.  This is not bad by any means, but it's not amazing.Starting tomorrow, we will be able to get elemental damage from accessories.  This means that the 40% bonus to elemental damage will be much more significant since it is, well, not multiplying itself by 0.  Let's say that I have the fire Acrimor Earring, which gives 280 fire damage.  That corresponds to 110.9% fire damage, so all of my fire skills do 10.9% extra damage.  When I use Dragonblaze, my buff gives me 280 * 1.4 + 100 = 492 fire damage, which corresponds to 118.63% fire damage.  That is nearly a 20% increase to ALL of my fire damage skills (which is over 70% of my total damage dealt to bosses), regardless of whether they crit or not.As you can see, the fire earring is much better than True Scorpio earring for FM if you can keep up the Dragonblaze buff (aka use Dragonblaze at least once every 15 seconds).  For other classes that don't have this % buff, the DPS increase from elemental damage depends on what percentage of the class's damage is from the element in question.  Elemental damage is better if a higher % of the damage in your rotation is attuned to a certain element.	bladeandsoul	1481103782
I'm confused about the FM sheath.  You said the FM needs to Frost Armor to avoid the lift, but they also need to sheath before the lift?  Doesn't that mean if they don't get hit by the lift they won't get the sheath?  Which one is it supposed to be?  Why can't you break out of Frost Armor after the lift then sheath when everyone else is lifted but not yet damaged?	bladeandsoul	1481115809
I really don't like how content is becoming less and less puggable and forgiving for mistakes.  It really screws over people like me with no clan or with a clan that has mostly different playtimes, and it overall makes the community mindset really sour when people wipe over and over again.	bladeandsoul	1481121788
Tony is the 2-flower marker though, not the FM.  That party doesn't actually need stealth specifically because Tony can resist the lift by himself with red spin, they only need some sort of party iframe.	bladeandsoul	1481133383
Is this through crit defense, or did you go in 6v6 with a PvE soul shield?	bladeandsoul	1481177406
If it makes it any better, I play with all characters names and subtitles off? .___.	bladeandsoul	1481186326
I didn't notice, I just F-spammed super fast through all the text because I wanted to get it over with and had people waiting for me to do dungeons &gt;.&gt;	bladeandsoul	1481191004
Except the earring is absolute shit and nobody in their right mind would actually spend 110 flowers for it	bladeandsoul	1481195771
How did you not notice the massively inflated mailing fee?	bladeandsoul	1481221873
Rework Graves right after marksman rework who was legitimately a ranger melee tanky DPS assassin mage tank support jungler.  He has the highest win rate in ADC, top, and jungle for like 3 patches until he got nerfed.	leagueoflegends	1481222585
That's wrong.  The BiS mix is full Mistwalker, then 123 Oblivion 45678 Mistwalker after that, and the convenience (much less grinding and not too far off from the previous mix) mix is 12345 Mistwalker 678 Oblivion.	bladeandsoul	1481224473
While they're at it, can they fix legendary soul shield stats being added in too?  I hate getting bitched at for having low crit/accuracy when in reality I have more than the people complaining.	bladeandsoul	1481226199
Well no, it doesn't make me lose aggro entirely unless there's a 750 AP person who nukes him the moment I run, it just completely guts my DPS and is overall just really annoying.	bladeandsoul	1481241662
Yeah when it comes to Nexus or Masts, I always say that I will be the one blocking the charge (both FM and BM for Nexus, just BM for Masts), just because I don't trust anyone else aside from my closer friends to do it properly.	bladeandsoul	1481241749
I wish I could solo all the mechanics without gutting my DPS .___. I refuse to spec HM Impact in PvE, and kiting fire AoEs as BM (while dealing with flowers at the same time) is the biggest pain in the ass ever.  But it's just stupid as hell how much more work I have to do every single time I F8 dungeons when I get on too late for my friends/clanmates to run stuff.	bladeandsoul	1481245506
Do you get mad at the people who off build too then?  I go ice FM with auto det and lightning BM in easy dungeons like Lair/Yeti/Necro and 6 mans easier than Asura because I don't get the chance to mess around like that in harder dungeons.  And I still out DPS most people even when I don't go the main build.  If they still clear the dungeon, do all mechs correctly, and do good DPS at the same time, you have no right to complain.	bladeandsoul	1481307739
Yes except it's more like you're battling a gym which is RNG whether you pass it or not so you can potentially be stuck at that gym for hours or days and spend 10 times as much time as you need to instead of getting an easy first time pass	leagueoflegends	1481308375
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pSeq9C8CIDrzZs1EJ78bKO7BDZIR8LQeppTVLI3In4w/edit#gid=121882423Elemental earring is a DPS increase no matter what your stats are, assuming you keep 100% uptime on Dragonblaze buff.  Necklace is debatable depending on your current gear, but I think it's better to use Oath Necklace if you have it for the sake of set bonus.	bladeandsoul	1481376229
No because using elemental accessories means you lose a shit ton of crit damage, and elemental damage falls off super hard when it gets too high	bladeandsoul	1481376602
HM Channel Inferno T5S1: Bloodshade Harbor/Achievement Merchant/Cold Storage.  Enables double cast.  You already have this.  Your combo should be detonate 5 embers with Force Blast (to get instant cast), then XVRLF(dragonblaze)RLX then RL2 until you get 3 ice orbs for DD, if your FPS and ping allow.  If your FPS/ping is shit, you can do XVFX then RL2 until you get 3 ice orbs for DD.  You can actually manually channel it to open a boss fight if you want, or you can just spam RL2 to build 5 embers first.  Not much of a difference.  Just don't channel it in the middle of a battle because you look like an idiot standing there afk for 2.5 seconds lmao.HM Instant Inferno T5S2: Royal Zen Bean (5000 zen beans).  Guaranteed crit on stunned enemy.  Useless.HM Blazing Palm T5S2: Hongmoon Pellet.  Extra damage on burning enemy.  #1 priority.HM Force Blast T5S3: Yeti + Necro book.  Extra damage on detonating 5 embers.  Not mandatory for lower geared people, but if you're at True Scorpio Bangle + True Oathbreaker accessories you should have this.HM Blazing Beam/Dragonchar T5S(3/1): Asura Ember + Frozen Lamentation Stone.  Lowers cooldown of Dual Dragons for BB, boosts successive casts of Dragonchar (so like Awakened Dragonchar but slightly slower costs a lot of focus).  Okay but not a must have.HM Phantom Grip/Multiple Blaze T5S4: Very high damaging channeled AoE skill that clears trash very well.  Okay but not a must have.&amp;nbsp;In general: Blazing Palm (LMB) &gt; Inferno (X) &gt; Force Blast (1) &gt; Blazing Beam/Dragonchar (2) = Multiple Blaze (4).  Your #1 priority right now is getting a HM Pellet and at the same time buying the Yeti and Necro books for Force Blast before the price of the Necro book goes back up (since people are spamming it for merchant right now).Edit: If you want to help slowly grind up BP for Chilling Flame Elixir or offals, you can do 6v6 during frenzy hours for whirlwind tokens so you don't have to drop 500+ gold on your other skills.&amp;nbsp;Edit: As an added bonus, here's a build for HM9: https://bnstree.com/tree/FM?b=ByagWw9Qg.  Move around points for 2 and fire Tab when necessary.  The extra point is for Tab daze if you're doing Citadel.	bladeandsoul	1481432666
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pSeq9C8CIDrzZs1EJ78bKO7BDZIR8LQeppTVLI3In4w/edit?usp=sharinghttps://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WDbmksRVw-pTpnYJdiGoW2HANQN1g1am421P6FwK5NU/edit?usp=sharingHere are two spreadsheets you can use to see what your DPS is with any skill.  Take a parse to see how much of your damage is fire damage and then decide for yourself.  To my knowledge, the elemental earring is a small DPS boost for KFM on paper if you discount blue buff/Searing Palm buffs but I'm not 100% sure of a realistic case.	bladeandsoul	1481470130
If 100% of your damage is elemental, Oath Necklace Stage 7 is actually only a tiny DPS increase over Enraged/Zakhan/Acrimor accessories.  If your crit is high enough the elemental accessories actually pass Oath Necklace in damage.	bladeandsoul	1481473402
That looks like the format of my old spreadsheet, which calculated the additional damage wrong.  I made a [new one](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pSeq9C8CIDrzZs1EJ78bKO7BDZIR8LQeppTVLI3In4w/edit?usp=sharing) which fixes this and adds some other accessories as well.	bladeandsoul	1481542696
I'm confused about this too.  So for the sake of clarity, let's break it down into 3 categories:1. The boss's enrage timer hits 0.  The boss jumps to the middle and does an AoE that instantly kills everyone in the room.  What kind of enrage is this?  (I know already but I'm going to ask anyway)2. You are running Asura with a party of entirely new people who occasionally forget to pick up flowers.  At 30% HP, Asura absorbs too many lifeblooms and instantly enrages.  He is already in the middle of the room.  He does an AoE pull and instantly kills everyone in the room.  What kind of enrage is this?3. You are running BSH the day it is released, and people fail to bring the automatons into Blood Mane.  The enrage timer hits 0.  Blood Man starts spamming his AoE until everyone in the room is dead.  4 people die to the AoEs, but 2 people manage to survive through Dragonblood and kill him before he resets.  What kind of enrage is this?4. Which one of these categories would Mugan's enrage fall under?	bladeandsoul	1481544778
I'm an FM playing at 15 FPS regularly, 5 in SSP.  I've been doing SSP from 550 AP to 700 (I hit 700 when they removed moonstones from weekdays so I stopped).  I regularly don't get credit on Grindtooth too because my computer always freezes when he spawns.  I am known to occasionally complain about this, but this shitstorm is on a whole new level.  I made one Reddit post being annoyed about the optimization, but that was it.  The rest of the time I figured out for myself how to get the daily done.  The workaround is to time your burst better with a sin/KFM, do it at non-peak hours when there are fewer people, or simply farm money in other ways and buy keys/soulstones.  I am 100% certain you do not have it worse than I do, so fuck off.	bladeandsoul	1481546295
https://bnstree.com/tree/FM?b=rkFajGn7xHere's a basic build for HM4 for when you finish story.  It includes HM Inferno and HM Blazing Palm though, which you won't get until you reach around 500ish AP.	bladeandsoul	1481546814
The base damage of the skill without the AP modifier.  You can find it on bnstree	bladeandsoul	1481550412
For example, Sunflower deals 58-67 + 4.8 * AP damage.  So (58+67)/2 (the middle of the 2 values) would be the base damage (on average), and 4.8 would be the AP ratio.	bladeandsoul	1481553351
Huh, that's funny.  It didn't work like that in the old BnSTree.  I think it should be a linear function so you can just use 2 different AP values and solve a system of equation.  I can't check right now though.	bladeandsoul	1481554046
I wouldn't buy it directly, the price clans want to sell it at is much higher than the price of the individual mats (which is really annoying &gt;.&gt;).  Just join a clan that's looking for a 3rd person to get Pellet and donate 1/3 of the cost.	bladeandsoul	1481631044
Especially people who start the boss before I get there and then blue buff/soulburn before I even get in combat, even if there is no fire wall to kill me.  Especially soulburn.  Like holy fuck I'm most likely top DPS in this party because 750 AP 1 button class hurdur so please let me use my cooldowns and do my damage or you people will have a slow as fuck run.  When this happens on a fight that doesn't matter (like a blue dungeon or Moonwater purple or super easy purple) I legit just afk or only LMB/RMB until the next buff.	bladeandsoul	1481661656
Nice I can finally have a second skill tab for ice build	bladeandsoul	1481742879
I literally get like 10 DCs a day.  This is ridiculous.	bladeandsoul	1481777724
The fact that you need to do event dungeon and daily challenge every single day without fail (I think you have a tiny safety net) to transmute the hepta is absolutely ridiculous.  Even for the hexa gem on an alt you can't just do event dungeon every day, you need to do at least half the daily challenges.  The requirements to get anything of value from this event are way too high.  On top of all that, the constant DCing (I'm talking like 10 times a day) doesn't really help.	bladeandsoul	1481779607
Well, he's not wrong about that last part.	iamverysmart	1481816800
People will probably try it out for a bit.  But there is way too much stuff that is character bound and not account bound.  You can't trade any weapons, accessories, or soul shields, and farming back up to 600 AP (700 if you want to do super endgame content) is way too much of a pain for 99% of people to do.	bladeandsoul	1481861749
[This](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pSeq9C8CIDrzZs1EJ78bKO7BDZIR8LQeppTVLI3In4w/edit?usp=sharing) is the sheet I use.  It contains all the accessories at multiple stages because the DPS difference depends on your current gear.In general for non-FM, Oath Necklace and Destiny Ring are BiS by an enormous margin, and elemental earring is better than True Scorpio by a tiny bit.	bladeandsoul	1481862107
I run 4 man citadel and 6 man furnace and I don't see jack shit in either lol	bladeandsoul	1481869092
Farming for a guaranteed reward as a failsafe like Turtle is fine, farming with single-layered RNG like Breeze/Asura weapons and accessories is annoying but acceptable and intended, farming at the mercy of double-stacked RNG like this and Tormented/Accursed weapons is dumb and horribly designed.	bladeandsoul	1481869387
So from your experience it is a higher drop rate in 4 man than in 6 man?  I already do 4m citadel but I'm not confident enough in DPS to do 4m furnace yet plus I never learned how to drive	bladeandsoul	1481870422
??? Am I not allowed to ask a question/make a suggestion for game changes hello?  Do you do the same to everyone frustrated about legendary accessory farming and do nothing but spread toxicity?	bladeandsoul	1481871801
No lol wtf where did you get that from "reduce RNG impact"?  I just said it would be nice to not have gear locked behind double RNG because tons of people are upset about Tormented/Accursed weapon farming (me included...it took me 2 months to get 2 Tormented Swords) and this is basically like the same thing.  I'm sure a lot of other people feel the same way.	bladeandsoul	1481871980
Baleful stage 1 is a DPS loss for KFM.  In fact, legendary for KFM just kinda sucks until like stage 5/6 (I don't know exactly when).  I would honestly recommend you work on upgrading your weapon before you go for accessories.  After your weapon gets to stage 4 at the very least, start farming for necklace and ring and belt (in that priority) while continuing to upgrade at same time.  Make sure to save at least 300g (preferably 500) so you can bid competitively.	bladeandsoul	1481872228
Not really...I'm fine farming for my gear because it's the way it's intended to be, I never said I wanted to be max gear for free else this game would lose all meaning.  I would just like to see that I'm being rewarded along the way instead of constantly getting nothing.  Look at all the people farming for legendary accessories doing 300+ runs and still not having one.  You have to realize there is some truth to what they're saying and they have somewhat of a right to be frustrated.  Please don't take things out of context.	bladeandsoul	1481872811
I don't do all purples or hardcore grind any dungeon, I pretty much do just DC on only my main (I do it on my alt if there's an event) and any event instance thats going on (so event dungeon, or MSP during event, anything like that).  I also do Asura/Citadel just for daily money if I have time.Also, as the other guy said, using a brilliant key on the weapon chest defeats the purpose of the discount.	bladeandsoul	1481873817
That question is for KFM mains to answer, I don't know anything about soul badges	bladeandsoul	1481882168
My question is, why did you upgrade to legendary weapon if you couldn't get stage 4 all at once?But to answer your question, get both accessories to stage 6 for the set bonus, then get weapon to stage 4, then ring to stage 10 (since you lose a lot of stats not being stage 10).	bladeandsoul	1481884834
In a Garen outplay I know that he will do a super difficult and complicated one button combo	leagueoflegends	1481901791
You can use the flowers to get soul shields for your SF or your sin.  No matter what, do not get the RNG boxes.  The drop rate of both chests and legendary soul shields from said chests is absolutely abysmal and you're literally asking to get ass-fucked by double RNG (which is one of the worst designed things in the game IMO).  By the time your accessories are maxed and your weapon is True Scorpio (~650 AP), you should have enough crit so that your character is playable without secondary crit rolls due to your high base crit.  My pieces 1 and 4 don't have crit and my pieces 2 and 3 have crit, and I'm sitting at a comfortable 62% with Destiny Ring (which is actually -200 crit from True Yeti) and no Oath Necklace.  As long as you fuse your soul shields with blue primers you'll be fine.  Not having crit on your secondary rolls isn't the end of the world; the biggest thing is having them for the set bonuses.	bladeandsoul	1481983374
Not in game right now so I can't check exact values.FM: Turtle 12345 + Oblivion 678, all fused with blue primers (+1850).  Baleful 6 + True Python Bracelet + Destiny Ring.  6293 crit = 62%.BM: Ebondrake 12468 + Oblivion 357, pieces 23 fused with green primers, pieces 578 fused with blue primers, pieces 146 not fused (because my rolls are shit) (+880).  Awakened Scorpio + True Oathbreaker Bracelet + True Oathbreaker Ring.  4637 crit = 55% (this ideally would end up at like 58%).	bladeandsoul	1481984965
I haven't seen one for a while, whereas they dropped like candy before MSP patch.  I'm pretty sure it's mostly due to RNG, but they probably did indeed nerf it a tiny bit.	bladeandsoul	1482047189
FM can root with chill RMB but it's really bad to do so since RMB is part of their normal rotation, so it will mess up the timing because it causes Acrimor to be rooted at random times not during the mechanicEdit: Apparently chilling Acrimor once gives him the Nimble buff, which means he is immune to movement-reducing effects.  This also means that it is impossible to stack chill on him until the buff ends, so you have to use an instant freeze or snare.	bladeandsoul	1482050943
Dragonwhorl is the best and most reliable way, but it requires you to have another ranged character standing at 16m as a spotter since its range is only 10m	bladeandsoul	1482058504
For FM, the elemental earring is much better than True Scorpio.  The elemental necklace is much better than True Python and only slightly worse than stage 7 Oath Necklace.For all other classes, the elemental earring is slightly better than True Scorpio.  The elemental necklace is slightly better than True Python but Oath Necklace is still BiS by a long shot.	bladeandsoul	1482075784
It's low because I don't have necklace lmao.  When I get that I'll be at like 65%, and that's more than enough for my liking.  I'm not gonna break my wallet trying to fuse purple or orange primers; I'm gonna stick to blues forever for the sake of cost and save the money to use on legendary weapon 7-12 and soul and pet instead.	bladeandsoul	1482112837
Why don't you teach them the dungeon or just carry them yourself if you think pugs are the ones making you fail all the time?  Are you sure you're not the one getting the mechs wrong?  DPS literally doesn't matter in this dungeon, just know your shit and you should be fine.	bladeandsoul	1482122758
I literally get like 10 DCs a day.  This is ridiculous.	bladeandsoul	1482122950
Pick-up group, or a public group of randoms in which you know nothing about each other and each other's skills.	bladeandsoul	1482123149
Oath Necklace, upgraded from the legendary Draken Necklace that drops in Desolate Tomb.  It costs almost 3000 gold to get it from start to finish (breakthrough twice, all legendary jewels up to stage 10), and that's not including the 500-2000 gold you will have to bid to fight your party members for it.  Most people don't upgrade it all the way to stage 10 due to how good it is at stage 6, as the difference between stage 6 and stage 10 is like 100 crit 2 AP 50 crit damage but it costs 2000 gold to feed all the jewels).  I myself am only upgrading it to stage 7 and choose to save the jewels to feed to my legendary belt (that I probably won't be getting for like half a year) and bracelet (when Naryu Sanctum comes to NA/EU).Edit: It's a good idea to upgrade necklace to True Python anyway, though, because you can salvage it for 30 legendary jewels when you get your legendary necklace.	bladeandsoul	1482179009
1. Fire build with burn is still the best.  I don't know what level you are, but [here](https://bnstree.com/tree/FM?b=rkFajGn7x) is a basic HM4 build for when you finish story.  It includes HM Inferno and HM Blazing Palm which you should aim to get ASAP because they're cheap and very good for DPS.2. Awakened Dragonchar is the most broken awakened skill in the game.  It's so good that FMs respec to Dragonchar if there's a warlock in the party, even if it's less DPS after soulburn ends.  The skill change didn't really affect FM that much outside of awakened skills; they got a slight nerf to their healing and Windstorm is now useless.  I haven't done 6v6 since the event so I don't know anything about PvP.3. The legendary accessories come from the newest heroic dungeons (necklace from Tomb, ring from Citadel, belt from Foundry) and drop in both modes, although the drop rate is slightly higher in 4 man mode.  The legendary Celestial Force Master (Turtle) soul shields come from the raid Midnight Skypetal Plains.4. 12345 Turtle + 678 Oblivion (minimum amount of farming needed), 123 Oblivion + 45678 Turtle (max crit if you have perfect rolls on everything), or 12345678 Turtle (set bonus, still good but not like must-have amazing.  I would recommend the first set unless you're a super hardcore player.5. Zakhan Necklace (attuned to fire) or Acrimor Earring (attuned to fire) are good.  Pyro Ring (attuned to fire) isn't a DPS loss for FMs, but it isn't as worth it as you lose both crit and crit damage.6. As Tiropat said, what is this supposed to mean?7. Flawless Hongmoon gems are given through events.  Usually a different one is available every event.8. If you mean soul badges, they give a slight enhancement to some of your skills.9. Pets are another piece of solely defensive gear (like belt).  Not mandatory for PvE but nice to have.  Very good for 6v6 and OWPVP.10. Inferno is from BSH, Blazing Palm is from Hongmoon Pellet, Force Blast is from Yeti+Necro books, Impact is from 300 Reclaimed Secret Techniques, Dragonchar/Blazing Beam is from Asura Ember, Daze Dragonchar is from Nexus+Naksun books, Phantom Grip/Multiple Blaze is from offals11. Mushin's Tower 9-15 give Naksun soul shields (basic soul shields for PvP so you don't go in as a 50k HP 0 crit defense dead weight) and moonstones from 14-15.  Tower of Infinity gives Tribute Tokens for soul badges and Sparring/Challenger soul shields at a low drop rate.12. The Soulstone exchange rate for arena PvP is really bad.  I don't know about SSP as I haven't done it ever since they removed moonstones from weekdays.13. If you don't do raids, you won't be able to get legendary soul shields or the next set of legendary weapon+accessories (Black Tower).  You don't lose anything not doing 6v6 except a few moonstones for money.14. Assuming you're talking about the AP gems, you can transmute everything except the diamond.  This is mostly for extremely high geared people though.	bladeandsoul	1482181890
To be honest, a full team of 500s (assuming normal crit/crit damage values for people with True Siren accessories, not people with max accessories and gems using a trash weapon) will probably have the 2 min Demonic buff time out because they won't have enough DPS to push phases.  The unavoidable lockdown will also most likely kill them because at a level typical of 500 AP players they will probably only have like 50k HP.  So overall I highly doubt you can carry your weight in Citadel at 500 AP.	bladeandsoul	1482182114
It's not mandatory but it's nice to have.  It gets even better when we get legendary accessories with fire elemental damage on them.	bladeandsoul	1482225513
If your crit is high enough so that you won't drop below...(idk, I'd like to say 57-60? not sure) it's good enough.  It's not a giant DPS increase though, pretty tiny.  Destiny Ring is still better for all classes except FM (for FM it's equal, slightly worse for certain values).  Overall I still wouldn't recommend it as you're losing crit/crit damage and will need EXTREMELY good rolls on your soul shields to make up for the lost stats.	bladeandsoul	1482225987
Every recently reworked champion like Yorick Alistar TalonI keep forgetting Kha'Zix R evolution is useful now	leagueoflegends	1482245649
I don't care if people whale because people choose what to do with their own money.  It's only an issue if they're bad and refuse to listen/learn to an absolute extreme extent (aka 700 AP who uses auto det, 750 AP who refuses to do mechanics, 800 AP who literally only uses LMB RMB and nothing else)	bladeandsoul	1482258467
I don't get DCed as much as last week, but I still DC about 3 times a day.	bladeandsoul	1482267075
BnSCoffee hasn't been up to date ever since Tomb patch.  It still suggests Awakened Siren necklace and ring over legendary lmfao.	bladeandsoul	1482336371
Then put him on your personal blacklist, I've had plenty of sins and all they do is hop around and press LMB doing everything perfectly.	bladeandsoul	1482346324
On a slightly related note, if I am the furthest person when Zakhan grabs at beginning of marking/stealth phase (e.g. I am the only FM in the group and my whole party is closer than me), I tried to sheath myself to prevent the damage and toss away so I wouldn't have to run an eternity to get back to the group.  It didn't work.  I got grabbed anyway and still took damage, even though when I sheath other people they get iced and drop down right at his feet so they don't have to run.  Intended?	bladeandsoul	1482347180
Most BM tanks I see use HM Block for the spin so they can DPS through it and it doesn't become a pain in the ass to block/iframe (since, you know, they can't really run away from it).  I don't blame them; it hits really hard and if you get hit by more than 1 spin you will most likely die to burn damage.  It's more about keeping party members alive than themselves.	bladeandsoul	1482347319
1. I can confirm that HM Block does NOT stack burn from fire wall.2. Rocnar is like Zakhan, he reduces the tank's threat on hit with most of his attacks.3. Yeah that sucks, I've seen it a few times but what can you do.4. Don't know what that is because I'm ranged l0l, but I haven't seen anyone complain about it yet.  I'll find out for myself whenever I feel good enough with my FM to fund my BM to 700 AP.5. It's not really cheesing per se, the only requirement is to resist airborne.  Stealth is just one way of doing it since he only lifts visible people.  Typhoon (Destroyer) and Bastion (Warlock) and Frost Armor (FM, only with absolute perfect timing that is extremely hard to get) are simply other ways of resisting the lift.	bladeandsoul	1482361794
That's nothing lmao, I've seen a gold selling transaction go over 1000	bladeandsoul	1482379094
I would recommend 12348 Asura + 567 Yeti/Be Ido instead, as he won't have enough accuracy to do harder dungeons until after he gets his earring to Awakened Scorpio.  I would also recommend you do Yeti for starters, as most people (me included) will probably not take you into Asura with level 45 soul shields.Full Yeti -&gt; 12348 Asura + 567 Be Ido -&gt; 12468 Ebondrake + 357 Oblivion -&gt; 12345 Turtle + 678 Oblivion -&gt; Full Turtle	bladeandsoul	1482389556
For both FM and BM, absolute BiS is 123 Oblivion + 45678 Turtle although it takes a lot of frming.  I use 12345 Turtle 678 Oblivion since I got 1-5 before this patch and don't really want to farm my ass off in MSP for pieces 6-8.If you don't want to farm MSP at all, 12468 Ebondrake + 357 Oblivion is good enough.	bladeandsoul	1482389725
You don't have the focus to sustain that.  You also don't get the speed boost until like 2 casts in, which costs over half your focus.	bladeandsoul	1482404470
?  They both have a 1 second GCD lol there's no difference	bladeandsoul	1482404522
A fresh 50?  On that #1 it's Full Yeti for sure, a fresh 50 won't be able to do Asura.	bladeandsoul	1482404803
It's not useless because of raw stats, it's just that the set bonus isn't very good because it only gives HP and makes you lose crit damage.	bladeandsoul	1482426058
PvE and PvP with Ziggs are one and the same	leagueoflegends	1482510442
BnSCoffee hasn't been up to date ever since Tomb patch.  It still suggests Awakened Siren necklace and ring over legendary lmfao.	bladeandsoul	1482522790
I don't recommend that setup as you're losing a ton of accuracy, 12578 Turtle + 346 Aman or 134 Aman + 25678 Turtle is better	bladeandsoul	1482523172
You need ~125%, maybe slightly more, for Furnace, Sanctum, and Black Tower.And good luck rolling accuracy on those pieces lmfao.  My RNG with soul shields is absolute shit.	bladeandsoul	1482525294
Had a little too much to drink for the holidays?	bladeandsoul	1482533601
It's not free, it's just included.  You sub the guac for what is normally meat.	lifehacks	1482541917
Not gonna lie, it would be really useful if I could set my phone to charge my computer the other way around from time to time.Context edit: I have an iPhone with MacBook Pro	facepalm	1482558699
That's not original Poharan, you just forget the old days in 45 patch.  Every 4m BSC run was like that when everyone had 400 AP and 25k HP max.	bladeandsoul	1482565318
Frost Armor doesn't work, I've tried every single iteration (using it on the AoE, using it first 0.5s, using it last possible second) so unless I'm lagging 100% of the time I play this game, I am absolutely sure it doesn't prevent Rocnar from healing.So using Frost Armor only iframes yourself and does nothing to save your party (as you can't break out of it while "lifted"), which is actually really bad.  If literally nobody is able to resist airborne, FM should use Short Fuse (C) to deep wound the boss and then sheath the pull in to at least prevent the party from taking half their HP.	bladeandsoul	1482641959
It's different because not having Sin/Sum/Destro/WL in Foundry just makes the boss have a little more HP which is easily doable if everyone in you party does at least 13k DPS, but not having Sin/Sum in Citadel forces you to tank projectiles that do about 40-50k damage, lock you down for a very long time, and make you take massive damage from the Heaven's Breach AoE, which will kill about 90% of players on NA/EU.  Not to mention you won't get the Demonic buff/grab damage which is intended as a mechanic to help kill the boss.	bladeandsoul	1482642212
Everything except dragon pouches, character alteration, galaxy fragments, and brilliant keys.  My reasoning: I can't play very much during this holiday break as I'm going on vacation for a lot of it but I still want to get the hepta so...yeah.	bladeandsoul	1482642811
Right side Blade Storm for PvE for electric surge.  You need to make sure you do RMB at the very end of your grab though so you don't end restraint early.	bladeandsoul	1482643172
Both legendary accessories are DPS increase over elemental, even for FM, assuming you have 100% uptime on Dragonblaze buff.	bladeandsoul	1482648256
How are you baleful stage 1 with only 630 AP...did you leave accessories at True Siren or something lol	bladeandsoul	1482681943
What is that even supposed to mean?  All melee classes have a much easier time than ranged classes driving.  It doesn't mean ranged can't drive (every class can solo drive), it's just a much bigger pain in the ass for them that really isn't necessary if someone else with more mobility due to their kit can do it.  There are some configurations that BD/Destroyer can do with a few seconds grace period left, but if Sum/WL/FM drives during that same configuration, the boss will enrage due to lack of time.  I much prefer to have melee drive because there is more room for error/time allowance, in case RNG decides to not be on our side.	bladeandsoul	1482725192
Does this happen often?  I was forced to drive once since our primary driver died to triple spin + burn damage, but I couldn't get to the dials as fast as our destroyer was able to since I had to run across the map twice.  The boss enraged right before the last ball would have gone in (off by literally 1 meter).  If I was driving on my BD or even BM (assuming there's another tank), I think I could have gotten it (not 100% certain though as I don't know all the nitty gritty details of the mechanic).  I'm not sure how other people's experiences with this are, but from what I gathered from that attempt, adding a few seconds would be really helpful so that there is a slightly bigger grace period to cover for less-than-ideal classes doing driving.  It also didn't help that I was the designated rooter for that party, and my root is 16m range not 10m, so that's that.	bladeandsoul	1482726383
Ranged still loses DPS because they have to spend a ton of time looking away from the boss to watch balls/turn dials/SS into place.  It's not an incompetence thing if the boss enrages by literally 1 second solely because my class isn't ideal for driving.  I was forced to drive one attempt because our destroyer died to triple spin and burn damage.  My lifesteal was complete garbage and I dropped dangerously low several times, only saving myself with fortune pots.  The boss enraged because I couldn't move around the map fast enough (the ball was literally 1 meter from going in the port), whereas if the destroyer was doing it, he could have made it in time.  Oh, and I forgot to mention, I was the designated rooter for that party too (and my root is 10m range not 16), so that's that.	bladeandsoul	1482726752
Wat?  I root every single one of my runs nowadays and I don't have to do anything besides move forward a tiny bit (if I'm the only range I stand at 12m by default) and press 3 every ~20 seconds lmao.  If there is one other ranged in my party to be a spotter at 16m, I don't even have to press my WASD keys once during the entire battle.  It's pretty brainless.  I legitimately almost fell asleep at the keyboard during my first 2 or so runs where I wasn't assigned to any role besides sandbag DPS/backup rooter.  I don't have to run around the entire map in combat movement speed like a crazy person on crutches or stress out about missing any marks/turning a dial wrong.  I don't see how driving is easier in any way; I would not volunteer myself to drive in any situation except the death of the main driver.	bladeandsoul	1482727241
I just don't understand why you want a class with lower mobility and fewer blocks/iframes to drive at lower effectiveness while taking more effort to do so, whereas if a melee drives they can do it with less effort, more reliability, and (on average) lower damage taken.	bladeandsoul	1482727688
Yeah it's definitely possible no question.  It's just that unless they say themselves they want to do it, why would you make the poor guy do everything when it's much less of a headache to spread the work out and let the people better qualified for driving do it and do it well?	bladeandsoul	1482738707
There's a search bar at the upper right hand side.	bladeandsoul	1482765356
For context: I am a top/mid main who sucks at ADC (I main engage tanks and burst mages), so it's only natural that I hate people who run away from me.  Not surprisingly, I permabanned Vayne every single game for 2 seasons and now, even when she was bad, because I would consistently lose nearly every time she was on the enemy team.  Idk, I would definitely appreciate a move like this.  I took a break from the game when Taliyah was FotM so I never really played her when she had the OP waveclear.	leagueoflegends	1482781495
Most of the questions were answered by the other people already.  [Here](https://bnstree.com/tree/BM?b=rJ4FYtJSl) is the build I was using at HM7.  If you don't have HM Breeze or HM Block, you can put points into Rush right side, Fissure, and/or Lightning Rod for the time being.	bladeandsoul	1482820032
The gems you should use are:Sparkling Pentagonal Diamond - 25 Attack Power (marketplace)Square Ruby - 1 Critical Hit (transmute)Sparkling Pentagonal Amethyst - 140 Life Drain (marketplace)	bladeandsoul	1482824421
I like running with low level people.  They're less likely to bid against me for snowflake crystals and other stuff.	bladeandsoul	1482860596
This is why you always run the dungeon with at least 100g on you.	bladeandsoul	1482860678
No because PvE soul shield sets has a single max crit BiS that's not multi-dimensional in stats like HP/defense/block/evade	bladeandsoul	1482860862
You don't need to SS back or move that much even, I've done solo rooting without a spotter twice and I found that I could stay at 12-13 m and just walk up/walk back a little bit.  The only issue is that you won't always be the one targeted for the jump; about 25% of the time the boss turns toward the driver and jumps toward him instead, but that's not really a big issue as they can just iframe themselves.  It's still really easy to see when to root regardless of their position though.	bladeandsoul	1482861159
I've used Scorpio Bangle and Froot Loot Bangle	bladeandsoul	1482883707
The best one right now is the 1 chi on Flicker badge I think	bladeandsoul	1482966240
Flicker badge lets you never have to drop out of draw stance due to lack of focus.  The Z iframe badge isn't really necessary because you have so many iframes already (SS, Q, E, E in draw stance which has no CD, C, 3, 1-F if its not required for mechanic)	bladeandsoul	1482973314
The thing is, any braindead monkey can get 600 AP with all the cost reductions nowadays.  This results in most 600 AP people having no idea how to do their class's rotations and combos.  The AP requirements are to offset the fact that the grand majority of people don't know how to play their class.  Make your own party and run with people your own level/AP.	bladeandsoul	1482989863
Well if the person joining the clan is going to be dedicated and not leave the instant they get their gear, one day they will probably give back and carry my alt or other newer clan members, so it might be worth the investment.  People in a clan are also more likely to join voice chat and listen to people explaining mechanics.  There is no such dedication when it comes to a random in F8 because you will probably never see them again.	bladeandsoul	1482990038
It also depends on how much AP you have.  Losing 20 AP when you have 800 is different from losing 20 AP when you have 600.  Binding is better than True Python only when you have mid-700 something AP.	bladeandsoul	1483030658
Tl;dr.  If I spent as much time as you interviewing my party members they would have all left the lobby already.	bladeandsoul	1483030839
Fastest way of farming ornaments is 4m Tomb/Citadel/Foundry, but you should get your Baleful/Seraph weapon before you even think of doing that.	bladeandsoul	1483066187
Oath Necklace + Destiny Ring + Acrimor Earring (fire elemental earring) + Binding Bracelet (13 AP/488 crit damage) is the best accessory setup for FM right now.If your RNG is bad you can use Zakhan Necklace (fire elemental necklace), True Scorpio Earring, or True Yeti Ring.  If you don't have Oath Necklace, you should use True Python Bracelet to stay above 60% crit.  No matter what, you shouldn't use more than 2 elemental accessories at once because you lose a lot of crit damage.	bladeandsoul	1483066263
Acrimor always faces and targets the furthest person from him at the moment it comes to that point in his rotation.  Was the party comp different both times?  More specifically, was there a summoner/warlock in one party and not the other?In the first party, someone (a summoner or warlock) was most likely standing at one of the edges 16m away for the entire fight.  Assuming you were staying inside the square at all times, you were never farther than 16m from the boss, as the corner-to-center distance is about 13m.  Since nobody else should have been farther than 16m from the boss, the summoner or warlock was always the farthest person and hence the target of every single jump, and you had nothing to worry about.In the second party, was there a shortage of ranged characters?  Was an FM rooting?  If so, then everyone was probably standing pretty close (&lt; 10m from the boss) and there wasn't anyone standing at 16m to spot for you.  This means that a lot of the time, you were the farthest person from the boss, so you were the one who was faced and targeted for the attack.  There's honestly nothing you could have done at that point aside from either using a non-target iframe or simply eating the attack and hoping you didn't run into a ball while knocked back.	bladeandsoul	1483086138
In the case of an FM rooter, it helps immensely to have another ranged character as baiter so the FM doesn't have to run around everywhere, as Dragonwhorl  (the root skill) is only 10m range.	bladeandsoul	1483086826
Assuming you already have the Ascendant achievement, they're worth it to use whenever a single jewel doesn't max out the upgrade bar.  I think that's... True Infernal or Awakened Profane weapon + Awakened Siren or True Siren or Awakened Oathbreaker accessories?  I forget.	bladeandsoul	1483087117
Huh that's weird.  Who was baiting in the first run?  Guess the warlock and FM in the second party didn't really know what they were doing then.  One of them should have been standing outside one of the edges of the square.	bladeandsoul	1483087704
Only if you're into super min-maxing.  8 set is barely a DPS increase and takes forever to farm.  I myself am just gonna stick with 1-5 (not even getting pieces 678 until Sanctum release maybe) because I don't feel like farming my ass off for it.	bladeandsoul	1483120349
Wait, how are you losing 40 AP swapping to elemental accessories?  That makes no sense.  Elemental accessories are only like 5 AP below their true boss counterparts.	bladeandsoul	1483121057
Countdown, SPTS, sacred oil, and hepta amethyst.  Sigh.  Whale land bullshit.	bladeandsoul	1483126275
MSP came out in other regions when we still had Awakened DD, so it was incredibly good with or without a warlock.	bladeandsoul	1483127558
BM: Tank, party iframeKFM: Tank, blue buffAssassin: Blue buff, party iframe, stealth, projectile shieldBD: Restraint, party iframeDestroyer: RestraintFM: Party iframe, projectile shieldSummoner: Party iframe, stealth, projectile shield, healWarlock: SoulburnSF: Heal	bladeandsoul	1483138274
&gt; riot will induce a 4 marksman + lulu metaBeen there earlier this year.  Quinn top + Graves jungle + Corki mid + MF support + any other marksman ADC?  With Lulu sub in for top/mid/support?	leagueoflegends	1483211166
You mean True Python Bracelet, right?  If I remember correctly, sins have blue buff so that should theoretically push a slightly better case for Binding Bracelet.	bladeandsoul	1483230997
Asura/Binding Bracelet is the backup on crit damage.	bladeandsoul	1483231036
Hm, true.  A lot of the KFMs I see use Binding Bracelet because of blue buff as well, so I figured it would be the same for sin.I do have a biased perspective because neither FM nor BM rely hugely on crits for their main rotation (and I stopped playing my BD and sin), so I just went off of whatever gives me the biggest DPS number in the damage spreadsheet.	bladeandsoul	1483236391
It's a tiny DPS increase for all classes except FM, where it is a sizeable DPS increase (almost as big of an increase as Oath)	bladeandsoul	1483252833
It's a tiny DPS increase for all classes except FM, where it is a sizeable DPS increase (almost as big of an increase as Oath)	bladeandsoul	1483252912
I would recommend Asura 12348 Be Ido 567 instead, as he won't have enough accuracy to hit 120% until Awakened Scorpio earring.	bladeandsoul	1483310007
30 to 40 is low for you?  I play most games at like 40-60 and in BnS I get fucking 10.  15-20 if I'm in a solo/low action instance.  And God help me whenever I go into MSP and get to input one command every 2 seconds.	bladeandsoul	1483596691
Yeah...this game is just really horribly made and optimized.  I heard even KR's 64-bit client won't entirely fix the issues.	bladeandsoul	1483597703
Did you not learn from last time when you posted the FM changes and you got completely shut down?On top of this, why are you doing this for classes you neither play nor understand?  The number of times you asked "what does this skill do" only to post it in this kind of medium (with still no knowledge of how said skill affects gameplay) is so high I can't even count it on my two hands and feet.  Let someone who actually plays this class on both NA/EU and KR do it and stop spewing bullshit blind.	bladeandsoul	1483600000
The only cure is the removal of the host	bladeandsoul	1483600268
He got a temporary mute earlier today for "causing drama"	bladeandsoul	1483601371
As someone with characters at 750, 600, and 500 AP, this current DC iteration is entirely catered toward medium geared people (550-650).  High geared people don't find it fun, and low geared people have too much trouble finding parties and gearing up (due to breakthrough mat costs).  I also don't think it was a good idea to put 2 PvP dailies in DC.I say either remove one PvP daily or increase the number of options to 7.  Then there should be a blue and a high leveled dungeon (Asura/Masts/Tomb/Citadel/MSP/Furnace) in every single day so that the high geared people don't have to waste their time doing useless stuff like Nexus/Lair/blues, and the low geared people can finish their DC without having to do super difficult dungeons.	bladeandsoul	1483672239
Not much of a choice when it's Nexus vs 3v3 or 6v6.	bladeandsoul	1483674408
I forgot to mention 1v1.  It's not fun when I have to waste almost 15 minutes against the same cancer classes, or worse, the same people, multiple times in a row.Idk, I just hate every form of PvP in this game.  Maybe my flair puts a bit of bias on it.  If the PvP dailies had better rewards I would probably consider them, because the money reward is absolutely atrocious right now.	bladeandsoul	1483677245
That seems kinda low, I'm a 757 AP FM (not summ) with stage 2 soul and no necklace, and I do the same DPS as you.  My DPS is low for my gear too since I have same ping as you but I'm extremely PC crippled.	bladeandsoul	1483684840
You do realize you're not even at the final boss, right...?	bladeandsoul	1483719587
Just avoiding a party wipe isn't enough nowadays.  If you don't know the dungeon mechanics at all and only know barely enough to get your heavy ass carried, with effectively no contribution from you, then why would anyone take you into a party?	bladeandsoul	1483720009
Even in clan runs I don't think anyone is willing to carry dead weight that doesn't know any of the dungeon mechanics.	bladeandsoul	1483720118
I bet you're one of those people who calls DPS role in Tomb or doesn't CC bosses/HM Block for mechanics.	bladeandsoul	1483720551
Went 1/16 as old full tank Mordekaiser (no Rylai's) wondering why I couldn't reach or hit anyone, good times	leagueoflegends	1483723841
Almost Liquid years	StarWars	1483725404
I am one with the salt, the salt is with me	bladeandsoul	1483776473
Same, I was in a tomb run when we got to the boss and it turns out 3 of the people didn't know the mechanics.  &gt;.&gt;	bladeandsoul	1483809288
*please stop running any dungeon if you don't know mechanics	bladeandsoul	1483809349
To add on to all the comments about baleful vs seraph for different classes, baleful vs seraph on BD and Warlock is reliant on gear, build, ping, and FPS.  At a certain point the resets from baleful are better.	bladeandsoul	1484039280
You mean E2 right?  If so, I have the same issue; most people can just walk out of the laser once they have boots lmfao.	leagueoflegends	1484102129
Oath Necklace + Destiny Ring + Acrimor Earring (fire) + Binding Bracelet is better.	bladeandsoul	1484161495
I'd personally like this, it would encourage me to do DC more.  I have pretty much no motivation to run DC nowadays because the rewards are so bad.  It would also be a good failsafe for those mats in case your RNG is bad.  The prices would need to be insanely high to not crash the market though.	bladeandsoul	1484169540
You have a use for all of those though.&amp;nbsp;Naryu Coin: Dragonblood, Naryu Silver conversionNaryu Silver: Upgrade, buying designs from merchant, Naryu Gold conversionNaryu Tablet: Upgrade, transmuteReclaimed Secret Technique: Clan crafting, HM skills for altsSmall Dragon Certificate: Crafting guild outfitsSilverfrost Valor Stone: Jewels at Northreach wheel, buying Oathbreaker Bracelets to level new bracelets for salvagingFreezing Orb: Fragment pouches, legendary accessory box keys, HM skills for altsBlack Rose Feather: Event currency exchange, HM Energy for altsDemon Spirit Stone: Transmute Sacred OilWhirlwind Token + Dragon Certificate: These are the only ones that are actually RIPNaksun Badge: Outfit, adornment, buying Breeze Bracelets to level new bracelets for salvaging	bladeandsoul	1484171581
LMAO this guy just facetanks/frost armors every single drink instead of phantom gripping him like a normal person, he also freely hits into counters and doesn't get CCed because of lucky blocks.  This is literally entirely being gear carried lol.  If he didn't have 100k HP he would've died for sure	bladeandsoul	1484206377
It depends on your party.  I have soul stage 1 or 2 on all of my characters.  On my FM I prefer it after about 5-7 seconds.  On my BD and BM I don't really care.  If the majority of the party has stage 8+ soul I'm fine with the warlock soulburning immediately at the start, as long as the party members let me know beforehand.	bladeandsoul	1484206790
Gem no question.  It costs an insane amount to transmute it the normal way.  Also, if you upgrade to hepta, you get the ability to mail it around your alts (hexa is untradeable), so that's an extra gem for all of your characters not just one.	bladeandsoul	1484250718
100g twice, 10g about once every 2 weeks, 1 or 0 otherwise.  Basically worthless.  I don't even bother doing it anymore unless some high geared friends happen to be doing it when I'm on and we can stomp super fast.	bladeandsoul	1484250962
You're not wrong in your logic, but you can enable 6m DPS meter if it's really that big of an issue.	bladeandsoul	1484274544
Implying the price/time is worth it for 8 AP /giggleEdit: dafuq are you guys dense?  I'm talking about transmuting 3 40 AP gems to 48 AP gem lol why the fuck do you think I'm talking about the hexa?  Can you guys even math?	bladeandsoul	1484274618
And this is impressive how?	bladeandsoul	1484274673
Yeah, new BM players who are trying to gear up and are stuck at ~40% crit are gonna get fucked so hard in damage.  In exchange for only a tiny DPS increase at absolute max gear.	bladeandsoul	1484276966
I'm sorry that a fresh 50 isn't able to get True Python Bracelet, Turtle + Oblivion soul shields, and a legendary necklace?	bladeandsoul	1484277091
Nope, they're character bound.  If you want to get the hepta diamond, you need to farm tokens on 2 characters, buy the hexa on one character, and then mail the hexa to your other character to transmute.	bladeandsoul	1484286411
Evasion works for attacks hitting you from behindProof: Running past mobs in Tomb/Foundry and evading projectiles FMs are shooting at me	bladeandsoul	1484292467
Dat anklebiter spec lol	bladeandsoul	1484304265
&gt;people complain its not the way they wanted itI have no clue what you're talking about here o.o I'm assuming it's not directed at me because I specifically said it wasn't a complaint.  I'm just merely pointing out an inconsistency that will have effects on the way people think and run the dungeon.	bladeandsoul	1484304542
Eh, I don't really mind all that much actually since I kinda find the challenge fun, and I have 3 characters that are 600+ AP so I can experience the dungeons from different viewpoints while farming fragments on 3 characters at once.  It's surely more interesting than hanging on the edge of falling asleep in Lair/Necro/Gloom/Turtle.	bladeandsoul	1484304638
The gold income isn't \_that\_bad...you still get a decent number of sealed stones and ornaments, both of which are getting increased drop rates next patch.  Surely better than hoping for that Offal or Ember that never drops, only leaving stingers and disappointment.	bladeandsoul	1484304707
I'm not talking about that though, might wanna recheck your math.	bladeandsoul	1484336139
I'm not talking about that though, might wanna recheck your math.	bladeandsoul	1484336143
Well if they only do 6 man, it would be 200 runs.  Even now the grand majority of people on NA/EU don't know how to do 4m Tomb.	bladeandsoul	1484341777
Neither.  I would go Baleful for BD.	bladeandsoul	1484369328
1. Heaven's Mandate drops petals too, but it's also a low drop rate and they pretty much always go to the scale user.  Realistically (assuming non-whale), there is no choice except to accept that you're cockblocked by flowers and simply have to farm them up through Asura/Storage/Mandate/Heavenly Energy/events (that are not this upcoming first anniversary event because the other stuff you can get is so much better).2. If you're talking about weapon, every stage is a breakthrough stage.  There is no process of using weapons or elements as leveling fodder, so you don't need elements to level your weapon.  Legendary Elements are required to upgrade to Baleful stage 10-12 and Chokma stage 1-??? (no idea), and they are used like breakthrough materials are normally used.3. I would save up enough to get to stage 4 all at once so you don't get cucked by gem slots.4. Baleful 100%.  Short Fuse is a utility skill, not a DPS skill, while Frost Palm is in your main rotation and resets mean a lot for your Inferno and Meteor Storm.	bladeandsoul	1484372315
Indeed, we don't salvage bracelet until Naryu Sanctum.	bladeandsoul	1484373006
If you're using a rice cooker, how do you know when to put the broccoli in?  How do you know when the 10 minute mark is?	LifeProTips	1484387689
Doesn't increase your damage against Zyra plants and Teemo shrooms and Malz voidlings and Jhin traps though :u	leagueoflegends	1484402238
I had Zara too lol fk autocorrect	leagueoflegends	1484416520
If getting 700 AP is your only goal, you can reach it with all True Boss weapon + accessories, HM 11, 5 piece turtle soul shields, 6 flawless sparkling hexa gems, and 100 run achievement of Yeti.	bladeandsoul	1484453041
I refuse to believe this is real.	cringepics	1484464220
Uncheck cinematic skill camera and character in camera focus.  The former lags your game and the latter can make you stuck in first person mode.	bladeandsoul	1484475364
This so much.  I get so frustrated and triggered when people just meaninglessly blow CC abilities or hard engage non-ults (like Vi/Lee Sin Q) just to clear minions because half the time the enemy is just going to engage on is right after.  And then we inevitably lose the fight because my teammates have nothing up.	leagueoflegends	1484477891
http://www.bns.academy/ might be able to help you out, there's a link to join the Discord server on the website.	bladeandsoul	1484573220
I'm not sure about a guide, but there are a lot you should get just by naturally playing the game.10 clears of every blue and purple (4m) dungeonDungeon achievements (speed kills, 4 of a kind, Ogong solo, Brightstone duo, etc.)24 man bosses (Bay Lee/Exterminator/Balrok/Kairam)Faction bosses (Blackwyrm/miner/terror/battle boss)Crafting and gathering (no way to cheese this other than time)Salvage and feed stage 10 item (Siren Belt works best for this)Salvage unsealed soul shieldsSocket and unsocket a gem 50 times10 faction kills (Bamboo, Blackram, Stratus, Tyrian, Skyhaven, Talus) (get a friend and trade kills)PvP achievements (1v1, 3v3, 6v6)	bladeandsoul	1484631581
Rip high ping and low FPS players	bladeandsoul	1484737810
Mad props to the people planning on doing all purples on 3 characters for 3 weeks to get Sparkling Heptagonal Diamond.  I don't understand where people get that much time .____.	bladeandsoul	1484737939
What is this rotation supposed to be?  It makes absolutely no sense at all.  You waste a GCD using Short Fuse and you waste 3 fire orbs by casting 2 Infernos back to back.  And idk why you even bother interrupting your rhythm to use Multiblaze.The proper opener is: Q (to get in fire stance) - X (hard cast) - VRLF (Dragonblaze) - RLX - (RL2) until 3 ice orbs - RL1 to reapply burn - F (Dual Dragons) when available	bladeandsoul	1484738795
If you XV without delay from long enough range Meteor goes on CD before Inferno hits so you get the bonus from the badge anyway	bladeandsoul	1484758964
I saw 2 Holly Jolly merchants and 2 Holly Jolly Hood merchants.  All I wanted was the Sacred Oil zzzz	bladeandsoul	1484759157
I saw 2 Holly Jolly merchants and 2 Holly Jolly Hood merchants.  All I wanted was the Sacred Oil zzzz	bladeandsoul	1484759486
Yeah but you have to realize at stage 7 you get a not-very-big % of the stats of the full item	bladeandsoul	1484762724
Does the BnSArk 6 man DPS meter XML edit work with 64 bit client?	bladeandsoul	1484776812
My FPS has gotten so bad to the point that my game randomly stutters and freezes in dungeon.  It doesn't mess with mechanics so I don't get my parties killed but my DPS is like 70% of what it should be.	bladeandsoul	1484856523
Elemental ring is garbage since you lose crit.  Elemental earring is good if you have enough crit damage to back it up, which usually requires Oath Necklace and Binding Bracelet.  Elemental necklace is okay, it's marginally better than True Python but I wouldn't bother upgrading it since it'll inevitably be replaced with Oath.	bladeandsoul	1484856960
So now the F8 numbskull BDs can at least do a little bit more damage instead of clocking 15k DPS at 700+ AP and being complete dead weight.  I welcome this change as this is less weight I have to carry.And before you trash me for being unskilled, I'm a BD with average 42% flash damage at 55% crit, mind you.	bladeandsoul	1484857376
Any of these bundles worth getting?  I'm planning on getting 40 AP gem on my alt and 5 sacred oils on my main.	bladeandsoul	1484857883
I would get HP, it's recommended to have at least 70k HP before you do Furnace.	bladeandsoul	1484858083
I can finally have high DPS while playing at an agonizing 10 FPS.  This is a huge QoL fix for me.	bladeandsoul	1484858347
160 and 240, actually, for a total of 400.	bladeandsoul	1484858462
If you want to avoid copper wars, then bid the instant 5-10s on stingers or 7-8 g on ornaments.  That's what I do.	bladeandsoul	1484860628
Just press 3 when he goes up on his hind legs.  The timing is pretty generous.  It helps to have another ranged character standing at 16m to spot for you though, since root is only 10m range.	bladeandsoul	1484861342
To be fair, I wait until the last second to bid or pass if I'm trying to get a price check for an item.	bladeandsoul	1484869162
Can't do that in F8 lobby	bladeandsoul	1484871183
FM DPS sucks ass at high ping u w0t m8	bladeandsoul	1484886343
What are you looking for?: Non-subscription 3rd person fighting MMO focused on PvE contentWhat games have you previously played?: Path of Exile, Vindictus, Blade &amp; SoulWhat is your playstyle (Casual, Semi-Casual, Hardcore)?: Semi-casual/semi-hardcoreAny preferred mechanics?: Fast story leading into endgame, fast-paced combat system, fun endgame dungeons (not do one fight and be done), not discriminatory against solo players (not necessarily no guild, just not relying on guild to be able to clear content), not reliant on RNG or P2W to upgrade gear, reasonable content release rateAnything specific you want to exclude?: No, although I have heard that people don't really like Black Desert Online and Revelation Online because they are open world PvP shitfests&amp;nbsp;Details:I'm looking for a non-subscription MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul. I like the combat system and gear progression in BnS and would like something similar, preferably nearly identical, in the next game. However, the horrible client optimization, server instability, overly fast content releases that I can't keep up with, dependence on guilds to do new content, and poor community mindset are making me consider quitting. I played Vindictus in the past but didn't really like the long grindy story, endgame raid system (only single fight and that's it), or RNG-based gear progression that was only mitigable by cash shop items. I've also played Path of Exile, and it's not bad, but it just wasn't quite my style.Ultimately I want an MMO that is free to play but pay to progress faster, has a fast story progression to endgame, uses a fast-paced combat system that involves managing multiple skills, is mostly focused on group PvE content with almost no unequalized PvP, has fun endgame dungeons (not do one fight and be done), is not discriminatory against solo players (not necessarily no guild, just not forced to have a guild to be able to clear endgame content, since I have inconsistent playing time), does not rely on RNG or P2W to upgrade gear, has a reasonable content release rate, and has good game optimization and servers for high FPS and low ping. Anyone have any recommendations for a game like this?	MMORPG	1484893718
Nope, is it pretty close to what I'm looking for?	gaming	1484897758
I'm looking for a non-subscription MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul. I like the combat system and gear progression in BnS and would like something similar, preferably nearly identical, in the next game. However, the horrible client optimization, server instability, overly fast content releases that I can't keep up with, dependence on guilds to do new content, and poor community mindset are making me consider quitting. I played Vindictus in the past but didn't really like the long grindy story, endgame raid system (only single fight and that's it), or RNG-based gear progression that was only mitigable by cash shop items.  I've also played Path of Exile, and it's not bad, but it just wasn't quite my style. A couple people in other subreddits recommended TERA to me, so I decided to check out this subreddit and am thinking of trying the game out.Ultimately I want an MMO that is free to play but pay to progress faster, has a fast story progression to endgame, uses a fast-paced combat system that involves managing multiple skills, is mostly focused on group PvE content with almost no unequalized PvP, has fun endgame dungeons (not do one fight and be done), is not discriminatory against solo players (not necessarily no guild, just not forced to have a guild to be able to clear endgame content, since I have inconsistent playing time), does not rely on RNG or P2W to upgrade gear, has a reasonable content release rate, and has good game optimization and servers for high FPS and low ping.  What is TERA like when it comes to all of these categories?  Can anyone give me some insight as to whether I should give this game a try?	TeraOnline	1484902242
I also heard RO was almost entirely focused on open world PvP, so if that is true, I'm not really a fan of that kind of play.	MMORPG	1484905274
What do you mean by poorly optimized?  I play on a Mac, so I have 10-15 FPS in BnS.  Would TERA be just as bad?	MMORPG	1484907270
The way you say it makes it look like raids are extremely long and difficult with a lot of commitment.  Are raids in WildStar like raids in World of Warcraft, where you need to have tons of people online at the same time for several hours at a time to clear?	gaming	1484907408
Do players who are attacked drop items when they die too (like RuneScape's wilderness)?	MMORPG	1484907453
I'm looking for a non-subscription MMO similar to Blade &amp; Soul. I like the combat system and gear progression in BnS and would like something similar, preferably nearly identical, in the next game. However, the horrible client optimization, server instability, overly fast content releases that I can't keep up with, dependence on guilds to do new content, and poor community mindset are making me consider quitting. I played Vindictus in the past but didn't really like the long grindy story, endgame raid system (only single fight and that's it), or RNG-based gear progression that was only mitigable by cash shop items. I've also played MapleStory and Path of Exile, and they're not bad, but they just aren't quite my style. A couple people in other subreddits recommended WildStar to me, so I decided to check out this subreddit and am thinking of trying the game out.Ultimately I want an MMO that is free to play but pay to progress faster, has a fast story progression to endgame, uses a fast-paced combat system that involves managing multiple skills, is mostly focused on group PvE content with almost no unequalized PvP, has fun endgame dungeons (not do one fight and be done), is not discriminatory against solo players (not necessarily no guild, just not forced to have a guild to be able to clear endgame content, since I have inconsistent playing time), does not rely on RNG or P2W to upgrade gear, has a reasonable content release rate, and has good game optimization and servers for high FPS and low ping. What is WildStar like when it comes to all of these categories (comma list or numbered list or whatever format is fine)? Can anyone give me some insight as to whether I should give this game a try?	WildStar	1484907558
I get 50-60 FPS in League on low and medium settings, so it's safe to say that it's partly but not 100% on my end.  It's a pretty accepted fact that BnS's client is absolute shit even for good computers.	MMORPG	1484912388
I also heard RO was almost entirely focused on open world PvP, so if that is true, I'm not really a fan of that kind of play.	mmo	1484912463
So your guild can clear Datascape in 4 hours, and that's considered an efficient, non-pug run?  How long would a pug run take then?  Even the hardest dungeons in BnS currently take 30 minutes tops even with pugs, and if you wipe due to people not knowing mechanics, people just leave and find a new party.  If all endgame content in WildStar takes hours at a time, I don't necessarily have the time to play for 4+ hours continuously, so this might be an issue.Edit: I also frankly from your description don't think I have the skill to play WildStar, so I might try out TERA because you mentioned that it was a "simpler" version?	gaming	1484912863
I've played Path of Exile before, and it's not bad, but it just wasn't quite my style.	MMORPG	1484912936
Are the combat, journey to endgame content, gear progression, etc. similar to PoE/Vindictus/BnS, or is it more like some other game that I may or may not have heard of before?	gaming	1484913196
&gt;especially since I don't spec 2 of mine due to insufficient points for my usual PvE buildWhat level are you?  I'm HM10 and I have all of my threat skills specced, with even 2 extra points to put into Lightning Rod.  Something is probably wrong with your build.	bladeandsoul	1484913526
Is that...bad?  I was under the impression that 60 FPS is perfectly normal in games.  Sure my game isn't perfect, but it's not stuttery to the point that I can't play.	MMORPG	1484913982
I played until a little bit after Apex of Sacrifice and Alluring Abyss were released (but I was never geared enough to do that content).  I think the last patch I played on was the one after the Sacrifice of the Vaal release.  Act 4 and everything after that was released after I quit.	MMORPG	1484914699
I mean, I guess.  If it means anything, I've cleared 4m Tomb, 4m Citadel, 4m Foundry, and stage 6 Turtle with no issues, and I'm pretty good with catching on to mechanics.And I just looked up "Tera vs WildStar," and an overwhelming number of people say the PvE in WildStar is better, lol.  This does convince me a little bit.  I just hope it isn't too dead.	gaming	1484914908
Until Black Tower 5 or 8 piece set, but it's not like most people are gonna be able to get it for a long time since it's weekly, and that's assuming they can even do the content (which 99.9% of NA/EU won't be).	bladeandsoul	1484940162
Knowing NA/EU, 99.9% of players won't be able to clear it with its current iteration.  Only the absolute top people in gear and skill in tier 1 clans will even have the slightest chance.  Everyone else is completely locked out of this content, absolutely no question.	bladeandsoul	1484941742
First few weeks?  I'm guessing it'll be months before it's puggable.	bladeandsoul	1484941852
Everything on release cleared in a couple hours is only for the top 0.1% of people in gear and skill in tier 1 clans.  But you have to consider what average people are like.  BT won't be puggable for months unless they nerf it.	bladeandsoul	1484942120
&gt;Theres's pretty much zero reason to even socialize in this game, you can literally play entire game solo.Lol at how not true this is.  Without a clan you are never farming Tomb, Citadel, MSP 1-6, or Furnace.  Ever.  Even if you are lucky enough to get a farm party in F8, people either suck and wipe or are asses and bid stuff you need to unreasonable amounts.  And without a clan, you are 100% not even touching Black Tower for months, probably even a year.	bladeandsoul	1484942783
I like the gear progression because it's not RNG based like other games.  The combat system is also better than any game I've played before.  I just wish they would stop making this game so pug-unfriendly.  All endgame content is efficiently farmable in a clan to the point that no one is willing to help others in F8.  Even easy stuff and old content in F8 is plagued with elitism and insane AP requirements.  And with BT coming out so soon, this creates a trend of all endgame content being locked behind being in a tier 1 clan.  99.9% of NA/EU won't be able to do it for months, and that's just ridiculous.	bladeandsoul	1484942977
I'm a new player coming from Vindictus and Blade &amp; Soul.  Can I have a class recommendation or 2 (I know we get 2 free character slots)?  I am looking for a class that is:* Moderate in difficulty (not too many combos but not one button class)* Not a tank (DPS or buff/support only, I suck at tanking in MMOs)* Not using pets or summons (I only want to control my own character, no micromanagement other than my own skills)* Decently mobile (aka having at least 2-3 skills to move, dash, or dodge boss attacks)* Desired in endgame content (I'm usually good at doing dungeon and boss mechanics and am a pretty fast learner)* Having a low cooldown block skill to mitigate damage (not required but a plus)Now, the question between melee vs ranged.  Does WildStar have a lot of mechanics that favor ranged without compensation for melee?  In Vindictus, I like the sword hack and slash playstyle, and melee characters have higher base HP/defense, better sustain, and higher skill/DPS ceilings than ranged chracters, rewarding those who can skillfully play at close range.  On the other hand, BnS has approximately same defense for melee and ranged because their gear is the same (there is no light/heavy armor, all gear is consolidated between all classes), and ranged has higher overall DPS than melees due to most boss mechanics punishing melee while ranges just DPS from a distance and ignore attacks, so ranged classes always have an advantage in this game. If the answer to this question is yes, I will pick ranged.  Otherwise, I will pick melee.Extra info: I played Sword/Chain Vella (2 weapons on same character, melee DPS with counter or ranged DPS), Arisha (hybrid melee/ranged DPS), and Karok (melee tank, least played) in Vindictus and Force Master (ranged DPS), Blade Dancer (melee DPS/support), and Blade Master (melee defensive tank, least played) in BnS.&amp;nbsp;One more thing, can anyone clarify if choosing race, faction, and path affects gameplay?  If so, how does each affect gameplay and what should I pick?	WildStar	1484951835
Completely new player starting the game from scratch after quitting Path of Exile, Vindictus, and most recently Blade &amp; Soul, looking for a mature semi-casual/semi-hardcore guild that is not too intense but capable of doing raids.  I'm from NA west coast (Entity), my play time is usually afternoon to night, and I only have a Discord account as a form of voice communication (I don't use TeamSpeak, nor do I particularly like the platform).  I'm currently playing a Medic (level 10) and may make a Spellslinger in the future, and I plan on doing mostly PvE content.	WildStar	1484997882
He probably has those pieces in his inventory and is just using 3 piece Ebondrake to get max AP	bladeandsoul	1485034826
Pugging dungeons like Tomb Citadel even Furnace Sanctum are annoying but doable, it's just that raids like Black Tower and Vortex Temple are going to be 100% impossible without a top tier clan.  I'm facing the same issue right now; I'm basically completely screwed out of endgame content only because I don't have a clan that is active at my play time.  If they continue to make content and gear progression too raid based the game is going to die, I guarantee it.	bladeandsoul	1485035020
And you think it's healthy when NCSoft releases content that only the top 0.1% of the player base can clear?	bladeandsoul	1485040477
So you're saying all 4 stages of Black Tower are going to be puggable?  How much time will that be?  How much gear (AP/crit/crit damage/DPS/HP) are you supposed to need out of everyone to disregard some mechanics/skip phases (and even then a lot of mechanics won't be able to be skipped) while taking into account that not everyone is amazing at their class?  Tomb/Citadel/Furnace were instantly pugged and cleared on the first day because you only need 4 people to know what they're doing, and I have a feeling that recruiting 24 random people that all know what they are doing and can cooperate perfectly is going to be extremely difficult.	bladeandsoul	1485045232
$1 John's ice cream too...RIP	berkeley	1485134725
The grand majority of rooms for Mandate don't have an AP requirement, I've never had an issue even when I was low AP	bladeandsoul	1485148255
Nah it's still there, they just raised the prices to $1.25 a while ago.  The sign at the door even looks weird because it's a giant 1 with a tiny .25 in different font and color taped on beside it lmao.	berkeley	1485173917
Wait I'm still confused.  So what if a team of pugs clears boss 1 but wipes to boss 2.  You know how in Cold Storage if you kill Winter Mane but not Kaari (due to not having orbs), you can rejoin with a party that has done the same thing (kill Winter Mane but not Kaari)?  Can everyone in the BT pug team join up with a different group that has everyone in the same situation (beat boss 1 but not boss 2)?  Or is everyone in that team locked out for the rest of the week?	bladeandsoul	1485211696
Pugging BT is going to be literally impossible.  Not even impossible because of content difficulty which makes the entire raid wipe if 1/24 people fuck up; it's going to be impossible because how do you know that people won't just steal your legendary soul shields/accessories?	bladeandsoul	1485212232
It's better than True Scorpio if you have Oath Necklace and a good roll Python/Asura/Binding Bracelet	bladeandsoul	1485212501
So we are able to re-enter, but ONLY with the same group we started with?  With no replacements?	bladeandsoul	1485212937
You say that as if it's easy to find a clan that has enough high gear people able to do it, much less clear.  You can't just say "find a clan."  That's not how it works.  Not everyone has the luxury of being in a top tier clan.	bladeandsoul	1485214545
&gt;I think of all people in the area I alone combine the greatest amount of aesthetic appeal and intellectual in one personJesus Christ.	cringepics	1485242398
I lose lane pretty much every single time I'm laning against someone who is experienced (mastery 5+) at their champion regardless of matchup.  I'm pretty sure this is because I don't really have a "main" or anyone I'm particularly good at; I just kinda play whoever depending on the team comp.  I feel like I should decrease my champion pool and focus on fewer champs.  I'm looking for top and mid champions that can carry low elo, are hard lane bullies, and also scale well enough to be strong late game.  It'd be appreciated if anyone could give me a few champions I should try.tl;dr Are there any top and mid champions that can carry low elo, are hard lane bullies, and also scale well enough to be strong late game?	summonerschool	1485253215
I lose lane pretty much every single time I'm laning against someone who is experienced (mastery 5+) at their champion regardless of matchup. I'm pretty sure this is because I don't really have a "main" or anyone I'm particularly good at; I just kinda play whoever depending on the team comp. I feel like I should decrease my champion pool and focus on fewer champs. I'm looking for top and mid champions that can carry low elo, are hard lane bullies, and also scale well enough to be strong late game. It'd be appreciated if anyone could give me a few champions I should try.tl;dr Are there any top and mid champions that can carry low elo, are hard lane bullies, and also scale well enough to be strong late game?	leagueoflegends	1485253304
I had the same question but you beat to making the thread lmao.  But I thought only Congress had the power to vote bills into laws.  Does this mean the president can effectively create laws without the approval of Congress?  If so, what impact can this have over the next administration?  If not, how much power do executive orders have compared to official laws?  Either way, I feel like this can be very dangerous for the fragile system of checks and balances the U.S. currently has.Edit: I haven't taken government class in over 4 years and never cared much for politics anyway.	explainlikeimfive	1485317951
Black Tower (with every single weapon, accessory, and SS) and clan 6v6.  RIP BnS for solo players and small/low gear clans.	bladeandsoul	1485318506
You can't just tell someone to "find a clan" that can even touch BT, much less clear it.  It doesn't work that way.	bladeandsoul	1485318771
A little bit over 125% I think, I don't know the exact numberContext: I've missed my root on Acrimor with 125%	bladeandsoul	1485319517
The other questions were all already answered, but they're changing the upgrade path for your Hongmoon weapon and accessories next patch	bladeandsoul	1485319604
I've pugged a lot of 4 mans and ~70% of the time we all split stingers successfully without any argument.  ~24% of the time one person bids the full amount instantly and everyone else is okay with it.  And you do realize that lower gear people actually need perfumes and machismos to upgrade their gear, right?If this is happening every run for you, maybe you're the problem.	bladeandsoul	1485319744
If you have 6 people at max max gear (galaxy 6 + sparkling heptas + elder/challenger SS + true soul + unleashed pet), your comp doesn't even matter lmfao.  You can just stomp through anyone with little to no effort solely because of how much you outgear them.	bladeandsoul	1485319899
If you have a python or binding bracelet with high crit damage, the elemental earring is better	bladeandsoul	1485320047
My thoughts exactly.  This new change in the content running and gearing system will drive a lot of people to quit.  Even more people than when they made legendary accessories RNG.	bladeandsoul	1485320214
About that teaching people comment...yeah, I'm not happy about this.  People are already unwilling to teach each other Tomb/Citadel/Furnace mechanics (and those aren't even that hard).  BT mechanics are 100 times harder than anything we've seen before and will most likely take hours to figure out for a single new person.	bladeandsoul	1485320359
&gt;That's entirely your fault for not being in a guildGuild or not, he doesn't need your patronizing comments.  Not everyone plays like you do.	bladeandsoul	1485322101
Top 0.1% more like	bladeandsoul	1485322358
In the past it was pretty bad but I could at least see the boss for the entire fight.  This patch my DPS literally dropped by almost half because I straight up cannot move or cast skills multiple times mid fight.  Half the time I get Soulburn, my computer freezes for the entire duration of the buff so I don't get to press a single button until about 30 seconds into the fight.  /tired	bladeandsoul	1485323462
The Glee cover of "Somebody to Love" is better than Justin Bieber's version IMO	AskMen	1485522702
Sometimes their tab escape is down?  And lag is a thing you know.  I accidentally use ground block all the time as BM if I get knocked down trying to Raid.	bladeandsoul	1485550954
More agency for 6v6 whales right after galaxy stage 6 release, fun	bladeandsoul	1485553631
FM doesn't NEED skills to be playable since all of them only add damage but not utility.  No HM skills for FM change your rotation except Inferno, and that's basically free (70 Naryu Silver is free to me).  In the meantime you can use T2S2 instant Inferno.  Of course your DPS will suffer without them, but that goes for any class.  In short, FM will be able to do your endgame rotation with literally 0 HM skills.	bladeandsoul	1485565825
Jax?  Shyvana?  Yi?  Udyr?  Olaf?  Hello?  What are you even talking about?	leagueoflegends	1485566041
Implying it's not already a large cause of drama	leagueoflegends	1485566150
IMO the support should be last hitting the wards if there's nobody to contest, with the reasoning that the money goes toward Sightstone and support items.  The ADC gets all the CS anyway and the support gets very little gold income for 4 core items (upgraded Sightstone, boots, Redemption, Locket).	leagueoflegends	1485566276
Hitting the boss before weeding is not the problem.  I DPS from 100-90 every single time I am gardening.  It's the people who do it and have no clue how turtle's phases work that make him jump.	bladeandsoul	1485577744
It doesn't change the fact that stage 4 gives good plants and flowers are account bound so it's still dumb not to do it	bladeandsoul	1485577836
Is this assuming you play on like 60 FPS and &lt;30 ping?  I'm pretty sure most people can't get this many hits in normally, which pushes it a little heavier toward the AP side.	bladeandsoul	1485578053
How much AP does that destroyer alt of yours have? :thinking:	bladeandsoul	1485669604
You should be taking at absolute most 7 seconds to SB.  If most of your party has crit or true soul, you should have it go off less than 2 seconds into the fight.  If it's too late then it's the warlock's problem, not the sin/KFM's.	bladeandsoul	1485727333
tfw ice FM is, has been, and will always be worse than fire FM at any gear level from Hongmoon weapon to Kunlun weapon	bladeandsoul	1485727748
You can sprint, then jump, then lightly tap the ground and immediately jump again; you'll never get aggroed by anyone if you do it right, doesn't matter what class	bladeandsoul	1485749280
Well on KR wind and lightning builds are mirrored.  Wind build gets Wind Draw, Wind Flicker, and Wind Flash, and lightning build gets Lightning Sunder and Rolling Thunder.  But lightning build is still slightly better I think.	bladeandsoul	1485749470
https://bnstree.com/tree/BM?b=Syo-D1welHere's a basic HM4 BM build, add 2 points in block right tree at HM5 if you have HM Block	bladeandsoul	1485805294
By translation these are probably the legendary Beluga soul shields	bladeandsoul	1485805583
Gear is not the only thing; only the people who are in a top tier clan will be able to clear it.  It doesn't matter how much AP you have if you don't have an organized group who is able to do everything correctly.	bladeandsoul	1485857975
If you're talking about Black Tower and Vortex Temple, more like the 0.1%.  The rest of the 99.9% percent won't be able to get BiS gear for at the very least a year.  And that's implying there is an alliance that is willing to take them in at that point.	bladeandsoul	1485858089
You can't compare Aman to BT.  Aman requires only 6 people to know what they are doing, minimum of 2 to actually execute mechanics, and have good DPS in a dungeon setting which for the most part doesn't lag too much.  BT requires all 24 people to know what they are doing, over half the raid has to execute mechanics (multiple people are teleported around/have to move around the map, and it is all random), and everyone has to have good DPS on top of this game's shitty optimization and drastically lowered frame rate in raids.	bladeandsoul	1485858734
AP doesn't mean shit if you don't have an organized group to clear it with.  You can have 900 AP, but if you don't have an absolute top tier clan or alliance, you're not touching that place.	bladeandsoul	1485858794
These are exactly my thoughts.  I quit 2 weeks ago at 760 AP because I realized that no matter how much I played or how much work I put in, I would never get above stage 9 + turtle SS + Oath/Destiny/Eternity/EleEarring solely because I can't do raids.	bladeandsoul	1485858971
Except everyone at that level is probably already in a top tier clan, and from what I've seen, a lot of people in top clans are pretty closed and don't run much with pugs.	bladeandsoul	1485859124
Welp that's a shame, your BiS weapon, ring, earring, and soul shield are all from this raid.  So yeah, RIP everyone except hardcore people in a top tier clan.	bladeandsoul	1485859208
Implying any random clan will be able to clear BT?	bladeandsoul	1485859289
More like 0.1%	bladeandsoul	1485859305
Nah Furnace and Sanctum are hard but doable once people get enough experience, but Black Tower is on a whole different level.	bladeandsoul	1485859967
But Baleful/Seraph stage 12 goes to Chokma stage 3, so we still need to do Black Tower to progress in gear/content at all.  Without BT, one hits max gear at stage 12 + turtle SS.  And I'm pretty sure Automaton Lab and Secret Hall of the Ebondrake are balanced around people having Chokma SS + Dragonbone Earring + Diametric Ring, so it will be considerably harder to do without gear that is only attainable in BT.	bladeandsoul	1485860150
Why are you posting this on Reddit, this isn't your personal Twitter page to share hourly updates on your life that nobody cares about	bladeandsoul	1485866003
So can anyone elaborate on this non-raid progression?  What are the weapons, accessories, soul shields, and soul/mystic badges to come from non-raids and will they be as good as Chokma/Julia equipment?	bladeandsoul	1485906672
Wtf are these 3m mechs?  That sounds horribly inefficient and inconsistent (a single boss attack hitting you will interrupt your res and cause a full wipe).  There's a reason why nobody does it.	bladeandsoul	1485907039
Stage 1 doesn't apply burn so speccing it makes FM do 0 damage.  Stage 2 allows you to freeze someone, Impact for stun, and then move behind them and RL2 them to death.	bladeandsoul	1485907195
FM's chill doesn't apply freeze, Acrimor gets the Nimble buff which disables chill stacking	bladeandsoul	1485907290
You can walk up to use Thorn Strike and then move back to bait	bladeandsoul	1485907367
Except it's really bad for a game when only the absolute most hardcore players in a top tier clan can enjoy endgame content, and everyone else is stuck eating the grass with no hope of ever being able to poke their head above the trees.	bladeandsoul	1485907612
You should be happy it's only 25 dollars.  I honestly expected more.  Aion's is $50.	bladeandsoul	1485907698
Then if you're really so good why don't you prove it?  Last I checked I do more DPS than you with less AP on a Mac lul	bladeandsoul	1485907995
If you want to talk about DPS loss, arguably any classes loses DPS rooting.  Warlock can't spam Soul Shackle and gets spectral orbs/Dragoncall resets slower due to projectile travel time.  FM has to use up a GCD rotation or 2 to root, which can potentially mess with their burn timing if the debuff wears off.Ultimately, it depends on how many people know the mechanics.  I have seen summoners and warlocks not know how to root or they are just learning, so I have to do it as a backup.  This means I, as an FM, can't be the baiter since my root is only 10m range and requires specific timing so it's not like I can just walk in whenever I want (ball might be passing by or driver might be walking by when I have to root).  In these situations, the summoner or warlock has to be the baiter.Of course, if everyone speaks up and says they know the mechanics, I always offer to bait for the summoner, and the majority of the time the rooting mechanic goes smoothly with no random jumps.	bladeandsoul	1485926727
How it feels to be an FM: have much higher AP than the party leader's requirement but get kicked anyway because "need stealth" "need driver" "need tank" "need blue/soulburn/grab" .___.	bladeandsoul	1485949731
depends on the dungeon, ideally 1 fm 1 destro so I can at least hold down F and relax my fingers every 30 seconds lulbesides if im the only fm nobody can fuck up sheath or sheath at random times like i see so many people in F8 doing	bladeandsoul	1485951989
Too bad that he doesn't have even close to enough money to upgrade it rofl	bladeandsoul	1485958184
Can anyone give me a DPS and healer build for Medic?  I looked up a few builds but they're from years ago.What I have right now is:DPS: Discharge, Quantum Cascade, Annihilation as major skills. [Link](http://earlygame.net/wildstar/builder/medic#pMvKpKCvKqvrvyvq/619.734.735.620.640.641.621.642.736.718.625.636.643.650.648.626.627.628.637.638.639.738.739.740.720.721.722)Healer: Emission, Shield Surge, Flash, and Mending Probes as major skills. [Link](http://earlygame.net/wildstar/builder/medic#QpMpKvMCKvqvvvq/626.627.628.637.638.639.672.673.674.965.966.967.968.720.721.722.705.706.707.682.708.678.931.932.681.651.652.653)I know not all the skills are up to date on the builder but those are the slots I have them in.	WildStar	1485986966
Can anyone give me a DPS and healer build for Medic?  I looked up a few builds but they're from years ago.What I have right now is:DPS: Discharge, Quantum Cascade, Annihilation as major skills. [Link](http://earlygame.net/wildstar/builder/medic#pMvKpKCvKqvrvyvq/619.734.735.620.640.641.621.642.736.718.625.636.643.650.648.626.627.628.637.638.639.738.739.740.720.721.722)Healer: Emission, Shield Surge, Flash, and Mending Probes as major skills. [Link](http://earlygame.net/wildstar/builder/medic#QpMpKvMCKvqvvvq/626.627.628.637.638.639.672.673.674.965.966.967.968.720.721.722.705.706.707.682.708.678.931.932.681.651.652.653)I know not all the skills are up to date on the builder but those are the slots I have them in.	WildStar	1485987967
&gt;is it guild friendlyEvery single piece of content in this game is infinitely easier and faster with a guild.  People in guilds make more money than people not in guilds or that don't have the same playtime as their guilds.  And with 24-man raids coming, they will be impossible without a large, experienced, high geared guild.	bladeandsoul	1486011915
That kind of mindset/playstyle doesn't work with raids coming up.	bladeandsoul	1486035591
Asura/Pinnacle necklace is better than both of those you stated	bladeandsoul	1486065864
You can't just tell someone to "find a guild" and expect them to be able to do BT.  That's not how it works.	bladeandsoul	1486066770
If you leveled elemental necklace use that one, if you didn't level it don't bother doing it and use python instead	bladeandsoul	1486067272
Python necklace, and farm elemental earring since it'll be a long time before you can get Dragonbone earringBut you have to upgrade your Hongmoon earring anyway since you can't salvage it unless it's True Scorpio	bladeandsoul	1486069958
Wait that means I'm taking a DPS skill in my healing spec?  Is it worth it to sacrifice another healing/support skill despite already having Recharge?  Should I use Shield Surge solely for the sake of dumping actuators and move the points to something else?	WildStar	1486079459
What do you use to dump actuators so you get free Emission?	WildStar	1486080025
Yeah the Mending Probes was for questing and leveling, but I don't know what to put in its place besides another CC.  I used Collider and Nullifier at certain points, but I found that I wouldn't have time to fit them in due to GCDs since I was spamming Discharge, QC, Annihilation, and Atomize off cooldown.	WildStar	1486081697
Welcome to the world of MMOs.  Nothing new here.	bladeandsoul	1486094686
On top of this, everyone and their mother plays FM from SSP days so there are a ton of FMs out there, which translates to nobody really having a need for FM since every party is pretty much guaranteed to have one.	bladeandsoul	1486099817
If you have a destroyer/BD/summoner CC and grab/pin one when the rest of the party bursts the other, make sure to rotate your CCs to interrupt and don't stack them	bladeandsoul	1486179339
To add to this, if you have the Threaten buff when you use LD/SS/5PS, that's a total of 750% * skill damage generated as threat.  All other skills generate 250% * skill damage as threat.	bladeandsoul	1486208355
You can do both Tomb and Citadel if you know all the mechanics even without the 6 man buff	bladeandsoul	1486289808
jesus christ my earsmy roommates sitting in the living room looked at me and asked if i was okayand i was wearing headphones	leagueoflegends	1486373175
he doesn't have 300 ping lol he has 770 AP with legendary neck and stage 6 souland on top of that its a meme so calm down lol	bladeandsoul	1486373310
I just hit level 50 and bought ilvl 68 gear, is there a list of things like dailies and weeklies and stuff that I should be doing aside from continuing to do quests and explore the world?  And for events only doable in open world, where is each located?  I just got access to Blighthaven, Defile, Arcterra, Crimson Badlands, Northern Wastes, and Star-Comm Basin, and the fact that there are so many new places is kinda overwhelming me lmao.	WildStar	1486426223
I just hit level 50 and bought ilvl 68 gear, is there a list of things like dailies and weeklies and stuff that I should be doing aside from continuing to do quests and explore the world? And for events only doable in open world, where is each located?	WildStar	1486426263
Tfw a textbook is mentioning Reddit, Instagram, Snapchat, and Vine...I feel so old	mildlyinteresting	1486446125
Fuse your soul shields jesus christ lmao	bladeandsoul	1486536034
Just say you can drive or join a group that needs a driver, destro has no buff or root or threat in that dungeon so driving is literally the only thing you can do to contribute to the party lol	bladeandsoul	1486536488
Yep, this + maybe getting crit on secondary rolls will give you about 2000 crit to bring you to a healthy 60%	bladeandsoul	1486543445
Am I the only one who thinks that the time between changes was too short so I couldn't really spot what was the issue half the time? :s	mildlyinfuriating	1486578864
I didn't run into this issue because I never got an option to launch the 64 bit client in the first place lol	bladeandsoul	1486586499
The usual, just another instance of an oversight that they forgot to cover	bladeandsoul	1486603383
If you have enough DPS, you can die from debuff, cat res, then DPS again, but you must kill the 2 generals before the second debuff times out and kills you	bladeandsoul	1486622053
No?  Oath is a huge DPS increase over elemental necklace, even for FMs.	bladeandsoul	1486676402
If you have Pinnacle Necklace or you have over 50% crit without a bracelet equipped, Pinnacle Bracelet is better	bladeandsoul	1486676830
The regular launcher works a lot better for me and hasn't crashed once, try downloading the game straight from NCSoft site	WildStar	1486681127
Ahri and Kennen are allowed but Irelia, Nocturne, Fiddle, Fiora, Master Yi, Quinn, and Tryndamere are not?  What the hell?	leagueoflegends	1486708500
Pretty impressive.  Really lucky you got blue buff from Maokai though; without the blue you wouldn't have had the mana to net and trap twice lol.	leagueoflegends	1486708984
You want games to last 2 hours?	leagueoflegends	1486709032
Ele ring is trash for all classes even FM lol	bladeandsoul	1486766605
If you think about it this way, doing dailies and crafting on your alt fund your main, and you don't run the risk of burning out by playing on your main too much.	bladeandsoul	1486766701
Does anyone have the stats of BT ring and earring at any of the intermediate stages (3, 6, 9)?	bladeandsoul	1486787158
Does anyone have the stats of BT ring and earring at any of the intermediate stages (3, 6, 9)?	bladeandsoul	1486787549
Non-legendary: Pinnacle Necklace, Pyro/Zakhan/Acrimor Earring, True Yeti Ring, Pinnacle Bracelet, True Scorpio/Pinnacle Belt (equal)Legendary without raid: Oath Necklace, Pyro/Zakhan/Acrimor Earring, Destiny Ring, Pinnacle Bracelet, Eternity BeltCurrently released: Oath Necklace, Black Tower Earring, Black Tower Ring, Pinnacle Bracelet, Eternity BeltFuture content (KR): Vortex Temple Necklace, ??? Earring (BT? New dungeon? I don't actually know lol), Secret Halls of the Ebondrake Ring, Dragon/Tiger Bracelet (Naryu Sanctum), Eternity Belt	bladeandsoul	1486804249
To add to this (and fix consistency), best non-raid ring is Destiny Ring from Ebondrake Citadel.	bladeandsoul	1486804377
You don't have to wipe 8 hours a day in BT if you don't have a group to run it with	bladeandsoul	1486837770
Tfw you realize all of these summoners would be done with their daily and probably won't help out other parties that actually need stealth .___.	bladeandsoul	1486837856
Even worse when they don't know how to sheath into daze and everyone dies from the AoE	bladeandsoul	1486838325
???? I main FM and I also play BD and BM and I party iframe + interrupt every AoE except when he does 2 dazes back to back?  Hello?Are you the type of person who doesn't sheath at Taikhan/Lord of the Flame and expects everyone to use their own iframes instead of being willing to help out and make people's lives a little bit easier?  I absolutely hate it when people have party iframes and refuse to use them; it's the same as saying warlocks refusing to use soulburn because "you should be doing your own DPS."  People like you make FMs look bad.	bladeandsoul	1486843061
At your AP, it's 12348 Asura 567 Be Ido/Twisted or 12468 Asura 357 Be Ido/Twisted, depending on how good your earring is	bladeandsoul	1486882856
The builds for support and mid are the same aren't they?  Only difference is swapping out Eye of the Watchers for Morellonomicon.	MalzaharMains	1486900595
I really like the damage masteries in the Ferocity tree though, the Resolve tree is mostly for tanks and you don't get any damage from that one.	MalzaharMains	1486901027
? What does WEAA meanEdit: oh lol I misinterpreted that as an acronym derp	MalzaharMains	1486901041
Oh yeah, I already do get Lucidity boots and 15% CDR in runes to hit 35% without blue buff.  I don't really run into too many mana problems with Frostfang and biscuits since I don't spam Q in lane, so I actually take Merciless instead of Meditation to output more damage.	MalzaharMains	1486903570
I'm going to have to disagree with a lot of those.Zed's combo is extremely easy and late game you just point and click R on someone then smash all your buttons to kill them (not hard to land a shuriken when you're literally on top of them).Gnar is a ranged tank and a huge lane bully.  It's impossible to get destroyed in lane (as in beaten to the point of uselessness) with him.  Actually perfect for beginners as you don't have to eat tons of harrass to CS.TF's stun is point and click, and his Q is very easy to aim.  Figuring out how to use his ult is a map awareness thing, not a mechanics thing.Only thing clunky about Viktor is his laser, and that only takes about a game or 2 to get used to.  Rumble players will find that aiming his E is a piece of cake.A lot of champions have much lower skill floors than you think.  Sure, they might have a high skill ceiling and higher maximum playmaking potential, but that doesn't mean that it takes a high ranked person to simply start learning the champion.  Skill floor and skill ceiling are not the same thing.	summonerschool	1486903854
Thornmail as a 2nd or even 1.5st (bami cinder + thornmail or giant's belt + thornmail or kindlegem + thornmail) item can be done to cheese the lane, the effectiveness decreases if they have a magic damage jungler though	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1486906137
Play snowball champions and glass cannons.  Pure peeler/healer supports and tanks that don't have high damage and CC (aka all the non-meta tanks) are completely useless and unviable because your teams are gonna suck too much to know how to play around them.  You need to build at least half a damage item (aka Iceborn, Liandry, etc.) on every single champion, even tank champions (yes that includes Maokai, Nautilus, Leona, Braum) to stay a threat, or else the enemy team is just going to ignore you and kill all your teammates, making you lose the game.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1486906403
I use mpen reds, armor yellows, AP quints, and either MR/level blues OR 6 flat CDR + 3 scaling CDR blues (5% at level 1, 10% at level 18) depending on enemy team comp.  I don't think HP regen runes are useful in any way because (a) I don't have space even with 20 rune pages, and (b) I get Warmog's 3rd item.	summonerschool	1486906460
Ezreal is not mechanically difficult lol, it's actually better for a new person to play Ezreal because he doesn't need to position as properly since he has a free blink escape.	summonerschool	1486906688
Why play him support when you can play him mid where he can actually take farm?	summonerschool	1486906737
Oh I don't always use Lucidity boots, I sometimes use Mercs or Tabis depending on the enemy team comp.	summonerschool	1486910162
Holy shit dude calm down, I was only talking about mechanics that can potentially wipe the party, not some pansy-ass basic rotations which can be avoided by taking 2 steps through the boss.  No need to get your pants in a knot.	bladeandsoul	1486940146
So you go into that tree solely for the Flash mastery?  I already get Lucidity boots every game to get 35% CDR at level 18 (Eye + Lucidity + blues), would the 10% summoner spell CDR be enough?	MalzaharMains	1486980051
You won't be able to do Foundry unless you drive and the rest of the group is pretty geared, you don't have the DPS for it by yourself	bladeandsoul	1487003921
Well, Baleful is much better than Seraph for BD because Flicker is an insignificant part of your damage (edit: okay not insignificant but it's still not that much compared to Lightning Flash, if your Flicker is higher than your Flash something is terribly wrong), and resets on Storm Cleave and Thunder Slash make you have more surge uptime.  Assuming you have 6 gem slots right now, you're still better off waiting until you can get to stage 3 or 4 all at once so you don't get cucked too hard by slot reset.  So there are 2 things you can do here:1. Slowly farm up faction insignias, since you probably won't get enough money to get stage 3/4 until you're at 300 anyway.2. Stockpile money to get to stage 3 or 4 all at once + 100g.  Then upgrade to Seraph and mirror it over to Baleful.By the way, 1v1 is not gear dependent, so everyone has the same weapon.  Galaxy is a weapon for 6v6 PvP, and its PvE usefulness falls off extremely fast.  Most people use Galaxy as a bandaid option, but at the end of the day, the Baleful/Seraph weapon is the one that evolves into Chokma/Raven.	bladeandsoul	1487032534
That's not the point, you can already have 100% uptime on draw stance.  Surge is what really enables us to do damage.	bladeandsoul	1487041687
I mean, the only point to upgrading necklace and bracelet now is to salvage for jewels.  Just farm some 6 mans to get Pinnacle necklace and bracelet and you can roll with those for the next couple months until you get Oath Necklace and Dragon/Tiger Bracelet (not gonna be out for a while).	bladeandsoul	1487041837
tfw i try to raid for threat and end up ground blocking	bladeandsoul	1487147882
I thought this was a Donald Trump quote at first	iamverysmart	1487281155
Are you sure about this?  I heard Baleful and Seraph both upgrade to Spacetime/Void weapon.	bladeandsoul	1487321363
Actually with the badge that makes X lower V CD it makes Baleful even better than it is now, so no Seraph is not better in the long run.	bladeandsoul	1487321425
Why do you not carry field repairs in long dungeons lol they're literally less than a gold	bladeandsoul	1487407306
For keystone masteries, do I take Deathfire or Colossus?  I originally thought people took Colossus since he can easily apply hard CC and builds a lot of HP.  But I noticed in a few LCS games that Looper took Deathfire, even when he didn't build any AP items (RG into SV into Randuin), not even a Rylai's.  And this is in a game where he was ahead so building AP wouldn't have gimped his role in teamfights.  Is this a thing?  I feel like Deathfire doesn't do any damage if you don't build AD or AP since its base damage is so low.  What do you think?	singedmains	1487542534
Make sure you aren't flagged for PvP	WildStar	1487544446
It gives 740 actually so it's pretty good, actually only 300 less than Oath.  The AP and crit damage on Pinnacle are high enough that you only need about 50% crit to make it worth it.	bladeandsoul	1487707648
If you quit BDO due to grind, you're in for a bad time lol.  BnS endgame is basically having to grind multiple hours a day to even have a chance of progressing.  If you don't play a ton, you have to spend a lot of money to achieve that same progression.  And when you actually see something that you need, the bidding system for loot means that someone can potentially take it away from you just because they have more money.  I'm actually the opposite; I quit BnS because I don't have the time or effort to play this game like a full-time job.  You might want to think twice before starting.	bladeandsoul	1487734742
A client that doesn't crash 3 times a day and make my loading screens almost a minute long	bladeandsoul	1487734898
lol if they make clan 6v6 more available then the top tier clans would just spam it and make the rich even richer	bladeandsoul	1487748279
It's good but not as good as BM and Sin because Frost Palm does very little damage compared to Blazing Palm and Blazing Beam/Dragonchar	bladeandsoul	1487748619
Difference between 1 and 3 is gem slots	bladeandsoul	1487748638
What about response bans?  For example, if the enemy team bans MF, there is probably a high chance they're going to pick Zyra or Malz, so you can respond by banning one of those.  I'm not sure about other counters (Yasuo vs Veigar?  Max vs Tryndamere?) but you get the point.  Maybe make the bans public as they come along instead of revealing them all at the end.	leagueoflegends	1487751024
Strongest non-ultimate ability in the game?  There are so many abilities that have more than Maokai W.  For example, Ekko W and Camille E.  Maokai's kit is far from overloaded.	leagueoflegends	1487800662
They're gonna live...until they die	leagueoflegends	1487801043
If only it were that easy.  I don't think you realize the gravity of this travel ban.	leagueoflegends	1487801630
I have friends and friends of friends who have green cards but were detained overseas for over a week because of this sooo maybe your friend just got extremely lucky	leagueoflegends	1487802530
\[All\]: lag	leagueoflegends	1487802911
My point still stands though /playdumb	bladeandsoul	1487825487
Except Haunting Guise builds into Liandry's Torment, which is a) flat penetration not % penetration, b) not good on a lot of champions, most notably burst champions, and c) requires Rylai's (which takes up an item slot on a champ that, again, might not synergize with it) or slows to get the full effect of the burn damage.  There is no way I am buying Haunting Guise on Lux, Syndra, Veigar, or Viktor.	leagueoflegends	1487846720
Still, when midgame comes around and Poppy/Maokai/Nautilus walk up to you with SV, Lee Sin/Rek'Sai/Kha'Zix/Rengar with Maw, Jhin/Varus with EoN, (insert support here) with Locket, and (insert mid here) with Abyssal...you kinda need an item to deal with that.	leagueoflegends	1487847235
I mean, I'm not saying mages are underpowered, but this would just be a nice little change for consistency, if anything.  Void Staff is a 100% absolute must for every single mage anyway, so it's not like this would force some people who wouldn't normally get it to get it.  It's just a small QoL thing to have access to the mpen earlier without compromising the rest of the core build.	leagueoflegends	1487847559
Whoops, fixed	leagueoflegends	1487850792
This isn't necessarily a bad thing though.  If it means that I have to depend less on my teammates in solo queue that can and will feed, lose, and throw in every way possible, so be it.  It feels more like a 5-man game than a 2-man game with 3 people doing backstage work.	leagueoflegends	1487881195
This is a really weird issue, but sometimes I randomly can't get vet dungeon dailies?  I did veteran Protogames, Skullcano, and SSM earlier in the week, but nobody in the Conqueror's Square (Illium) area is giving out the daily.  There is literally no exclamation sign for anything except the PvP dailies (which I don't take).  It's annoying when I do a vet dungeon and I can't get the money and glory and exp from the quest because I'm not able to get the daily.  What's going on?  This is not the first time it has happened.  Is this a bug?  Anyone else getting this issue?	WildStar	1487888468
So if I hoard vet dungeon dailies, will I get credit for it if it's not the daily given that day?	WildStar	1487891717
Except Baleful is better than Seraph even with the cucked version lol	bladeandsoul	1487934350
Take -% time dead runes	leagueoflegends	1487956426
You should get pure assault gear when leveling because you're going to be outleveling your gear very fast and it is difficult to level as support.  Once you hit 50 you can get a full set of both assault and support gear, ilvl 68, from the advanced gear vendor.	WildStar	1487956997
Well Jhin's cooldowns are about the same as Varus's, as least early.  Later though yeah Varus does have lower cooldowns and spams his skills a lot more.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488025594
Jhin doesn't really build ER anymore though, most people just do Ghostblade + EoN + optional Duskblade into IE + RFC.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488025638
It's just really annoying how Varus's cooldowns are so long, so you basically have to rush Manamune in order to let his autoattacks be able to stack it.  Sitting on tear and only stacking it with abilities is way too slow from my experience.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488025794
The mana conservation issue can also be remedied by taking Meditation in  masteries, right?	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488025830
Is this the same with Jayce mid and top?  I would imagine that top Jayce wouldn't get blue buff as often unless the mid laner doesn't use mana or is already capped at 40%.But yeah, I played a little more of those champions these past few days and found that I was usually backing to buy before I ran out of mana so it wasn't actually a problem most of the time.	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488025858
Imagine being the one person to fuck it up and then everyone has to redo and refilm it.	oddlysatisfying	1488232445
Ilvl 68 gear from the advanced gear vendor is better, I get really triggered by people who use PvP gear in PvE because you end up doing no damage	WildStar	1488440275
Rune ilvl 100 gear with superbs and ilvl 80-90 gear with highsYou can get rune fragments by doing challenges in SCB/Northern Wastes/Crimson Badlands/Arcterra and getting the runecrafting bags	WildStar	1488440721
Then farm plat?  It's a MMO, what do you expect?  They need a gold sink in the game somehow to control the economy.	WildStar	1488447336
They have the same rune in the gear because one is a major rune (counts 2 toward set bonus) and one is a minor rune (counts 1 toward set bonus).  Runes stack as long as they aren't the exact same rune (aka exact same tier, stat, and quality)	WildStar	1488447456
So basic math is considered a life hack now?	lifehacks	1488525519
Wait I thought I was crazy when my ult kept disappearing and costing me kills/making me lose 1v1s.  So this is a real issue.  Damn.	leagueoflegends	1488530789
Samsung White or M5	leagueoflegends	1488530952
Trynd/Riven top, Yi/Twitch jungle, Yasuo mid.  So many times in silver people pick all squishy all AD comps with no regard to what everyone else is picking.  It's extremely frustrating as soon as mid game hits because the team comp becomes entirely useless past 20 minutes.	leagueoflegends	1488589245
Wut if you have better rotations it makes Seraph even worse and Baleful even better...	bladeandsoul	1488640886
Seraph on BD /pukeAnd why are you still using True Python Necklace when Pinnacle exists...	bladeandsoul	1488641181
Good luck finding 700 AP pugs that do enough DPS to clear the dungeon	bladeandsoul	1488642153
If you have focus issues even with Short Fuse spec Cold Snap instead, Frost Tornado sucks ass and doesn't give you the 10% damage on ice skills (RMB and DD)	bladeandsoul	1488642464
This is terrible advice.  This only works if you have low ping and high FPS and a party that is willing to do this.  Most people will want to use tab daze because they don't want to rely entirely on one person to prevent a party wipe and if someone tabs before you get your stun off your stun fizzles.	bladeandsoul	1488642638
1. "I'll be at chokma soon enough" no you won't lol, that upgrade costs thousands of gold and requires you to a) have a very good group to clear BT with, and b) be extremely good at both DPS and mechanics, which you are probably not based on your responses.2. It's way better than the shitty Hongmoon necklace because it gives crit instead of additional damage which is a useless stat.  It's also an easy as fuck dungeon with tons of gold reward, idk why you wouldn't run it.	bladeandsoul	1488644710
I don't think real karate has this shitty degree of defense or balance lol	Whatcouldgowrong	1488646081
Wat, Pinnacle gives 740 crit.  That's like 80% of an Oath Necklace.  That's really damn good lol.  And remember it gives a generous amount of crit damage too, in exchange for only 5 AP.	bladeandsoul	1488695326
For everything up to BT, you have enough piercing from base that you don't need to ever fuse or gear specifically for it.  If you're doing BT, you should have Oath Necklace already (because if you don't why tf are you doing BT without at least 2 set legendary accessories?) and hence will have enough pierce.  Even if you don't, I'm pretty sure that crit affects most classes' gameplay more than piercing.  Piercing is a trivial stat most of the time and is a static damage multiplier, whereas crit literally defines a lot of classes' rotations and makes those classes almost unplayable with low crit (shadow Assassin, BD both builds, Warlock both builds, fire BM with DT nerf).  Use a DPS calculator, it will show you that Pinnacle Necklace + Pinnacle Bracelet beats True Python Necklace + True Python Bracelet, regardless of your stats.  Having shitty crit and crit damage will hurt your DPS much more than having slightly sub par piercing.	bladeandsoul	1488696875
Fine, fair enough.  You have a strong team you can run with, lucky you.  Not everyone has that luxury.You didn't address my second point either.  Using a DPS calculator, Pinnacle Necklace beats True Python Necklace no matter what your stats are.  It's especially better for you as a BD because you don't get lightning orbs for Flash unless you crit on Flicker.	bladeandsoul	1488696954
Baleful for the resets on Inferno and Meteor Storm.  I would personally wait until you have enough mats for stage 3 or 4 all at once, but that's only because you will probably get cucked by gem slots.	bladeandsoul	1488697610
You're probably really far from doing Black Tower (where the next legendary ring comes from), so it's worth it to use Destiny Ring for now.  However, I wouldn't equip it until you get Oath Necklace.  And once you get Oath, upgrade both accessories to stage 6 for the set bonus and then hold them there until you get more money.	bladeandsoul	1488697755
I already have a DPS calculator that I made and tested myself, that's why I'm making this statement.  And we know from Awakened Oathbreaker vs Asura Bracelet debate days that crit damage is a very valuable stat.  Using Pinnacle Bracelet is already assumed due to how strong it is (it's almost Dragon/Tiger Bracelet level of stats); you would be insane or have really really bad RNG to not use it.	bladeandsoul	1488697956
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kdozyO2ACdToSFpgkLp-cKNr9Qv_pcwHeHTVwTmnb5Y/edit?usp=sharingMake a copy and play around with it all you want.	bladeandsoul	1488698152
It's not relevant because you have enough piercing to negate all bosses' defense.  Pinnacle Necklace gives 617 piercing, which corresponds to about 13%.  True Python Necklace gives 780 piercing, which corresponds to about 15%.  10% is enough for everything.  Even if a boss had 15% defense, the difference would be so small that it wouldn't matter because the damage with Pinnacle wins by almost a thousand per rotation.  Extra piercing above an enemy's defense is wasted, but AP crit and crit damage are never truly wasted, even after they hit soft cap and get diminishing returns.	bladeandsoul	1488699108
That's a single boss though, and it only happens because of the mechanic.  In literally every single other piece of content (besides Blackwyrm and augerites and stuff like that but honestly who cares, augerites are trash mobs and nobody gears specifically for BW), piercing does not matter.  Let's say we have 13.5% vs 15% piercing on a boss that has 15% defense.  The DPS difference between the 2 setups is greater than 1.5%, which means even with the boss negating some damage due to lower piercing, Pinnacle is better.  If you really want to swap your gear for a single boss that is on a weekly lockout just for the sake of min/maxing, be my guest.  But for me and the grand majority of people, it is neither a game-breaking issue nor worth the annoyance to upgrade and keep track of another setup.	bladeandsoul	1488700954
Because if one of your teammates presses Tab before your stun hits, your stun fizzles AND you didn't contribute to helping daze him.  Which is really bad if your party has a lot of summoner/sin/warlock.	bladeandsoul	1488708935
Lol, implying that pugs will listen/trust you with their lives.  I don't trust people to CC or party iframe at any time.	bladeandsoul	1488710435
Where are you getting procs from Seraph?  Using Seraph in PvE literally means you're not getting procs because you are almost never eating full hits.  It has been proven with math that Baleful is better than Seraph solely because you get more Lightning Flashes by resetting Thunder Slash and Storm Cleave to get more surge uptime.  Flicker is only ~20% of your overall DPS, and that doesn't warrant getting Seraph over Baleful.  If your Flicker damage % is so high that Seraph gives you more damage over Baleful, then you're not ani-cancelling well enough.Also your ToI comment is a moot point because you should have a separate soul shield just for that if you're planning on being super hardcore about gaining floors.	bladeandsoul	1488717064
You know that Baleful has the same crit buff, right...?	bladeandsoul	1488747567
If you have True Yeti Ring just stick with that, you lose a lot of crit if you use ice ring so it's not worth it.	bladeandsoul	1488752516
What's your DPS?  I think the highest I've seen was like 19k or low 20k on a world boss?  I'm not sure how much DPS is required to skip mechanics on bosses.And I have full Striker on every single piece except for 1 which I have Devastation.  All superb runes, except for 3 divine MH and 2 high MH (needed to downgrade due to uniqueness of runes).  I have 44% MH and 13% ST.  This is the absolute max I am able to get at the moment since class set runes are way too expensive.	WildStar	1488762105
I usually play MMOs for the dungeons and open world content.  Raiding is an activity that is way too intense for me.  I just simply can't dedicate set times every week to do raids because I don't have the time or effort for that.  Doing dungeons is not time dependent, and you can grab a group any time you want and be done in half an hour.  Doing raids takes way too long; fixed 3/4-hour blocks of time multiple times a week is not my cup of tea.  I still want to be able to progress my gear though.  This is why I was never interested in WoW.  I want to progress and enjoy a game at my own pace without being screwed out of a whole tier of content.  Just because someone isn't able to do raids should not mean that they aren't able to play the game.	WildStar	1488762205
Which guides are you guys following for RMT?  Are they not updated for last boss?Eh, idk about the harder raids, but from watching videos, they seem like something that can be doable within a week as long as people throw their heads at it for a few hours.  Having better gear helps a lot too to cover for dead people/messed up mechanics.	WildStar	1488762650
Not at all.  Their only party contribution is Frost Sheath and Divine Veil.  No heals, no buffs, no threat.  They're a pure DPS class and arguably the class with the least party contribution.  People won't take an FM in a party unless there are mechanics that require FM to be there (like projectile shield in Asura, party iframe in Tomb, etc.).  On the flip side addressing your second to last sentence, warlock is probably the most desired class solely because of soulburn.	bladeandsoul	1488848768
If your clan is not the helping type, then maybe it's time to find a new clan that's actually willing to help people and not be unreasonably elitist.	bladeandsoul	1488850594
There's a difference between knowing the mechanics and executing them properly.  The BnS community isn't particularly good at distinguishing the two of them or being patient with people who make unlucky mistakes.	bladeandsoul	1488850726
Why don't you just ask them if they can help you learn driving/rooting?  All of your clanmates had to learn and wipe tons of times at some point, so surely a few of them would be willing to help you out at least once?	bladeandsoul	1488854114
https://bnstree.com/tree/FM?b=SJmqgmiIlThis is a basic HM4 PvE build.  I don't know what HM skills you have, but any extra points should go into Force Blast &gt; Blazing Beam &gt; Phantom Grip/Multiple Blaze.  If you don't have any of those, you can just put an extra point in Divine Veil or Frost Sheath.  If you do Ebondrake Citadel, use one of the spare points for daze Tab.You absolutely must use middle tree Blazing Palm.  With HM Blazing Palm, the left tree is a massive DPS loss from the middle tree.  You don't even spam F; you literally only use it when getting orbs for DD.  You RL2 at all times aside from soulburn.  Fury-Blaze is only more DPS than RL2 if you are going char build AND soulburn is done AND you don't have 3 set Turtle.  If any of these are false (you're going beam OR you're holding down 2 during SB OR you have 3 set Turtle), RL2 is more damage due to the cast time of Fire Fury and the smoother management of GCDs.	bladeandsoul	1488854552
You have 632 AP so that should be good to do Tomb, Citadel, and MSP.  Try to get Ebondrake 12468 and Oblivion 357 and fuse pieces 1-4 with green crit primers and 5-8 with blue crit primers.  In the meantime try to do some MSP runs and save all your flowers, because you will want the Turtle 5 set and pieces 578 are the best out of the set (guaranteed crit).	bladeandsoul	1488856201
Are people really expected to relearn everything when they go in?  Because when I do DS, Y83, and RMT, I plan on studying guides and then going into the raid already knowing all or most of the mechanics on paper.  The only thing I would have to learn is execution, but that should be doable in a week's time if everyone in the raid is willing to be patient and learn with me.  You seem to be implying that raids consist of 20 people going in completely blind.  What's the point in reinventing the wheel?	WildStar	1488856600
Gentleman lmao.  "Only" 44% is by no means amazing to someone who is near max gear, but it is enough to make my class (GR Medic) playable.  I pulled decent DPS my last 2 GA runs (outdamaged some people with higher ilvl).  And looking at the average pug in vet dungeons, my stats are better than average even after only playing for 1.5 months because I actually care about runing properly despite my limited income.	WildStar	1488856982
I'm fine with not being able to do raiding content.  I just want some consolation that there is something to do and something to get at the highest level aside from raids.	WildStar	1488857496
I totally read this as "Rengar" at first	aww	1488953857
Holy shit this guy looks busted.  3 hard CCs, ranged poke, a defensive steroid, and a semi-global ult.	leagueoflegends	1488956681
Holy shit this guy looks busted. 3 hard CCs, ranged poke, a defensive steroid, and a semi-global ult.	leagueoflegends	1488956748
My bad, didn't see	jaycemains	1488960820
Warlock and KFM lose DPS until like stage 6 or so, BD and FM don't lose DPS but don't gain much either until like stage 4	bladeandsoul	1488972294
You can always try since it's F2P, but good luck dealing with F8 elitism and AP requirements when you try to do 50 content.  Not much you can do for a while unless you either swipe your credit card hard or get really lucky and find a clan willing to help you out.	bladeandsoul	1488972811
Wait, on that note, what is that Welkin weapon?  It's the analog to Spacetime/Void weapon that is the non-raid upgrade to Baleful/Seraph right?  Are you (or someone) able to get a picture of the weapon buff for various classes and the upgrade materials required?	bladeandsoul	1488972946
Do Sejuani, Gragas, and Udyr not take colossus?  I thought they did because they have hard cc (I don't play jungle)	LeagueofLegendsMeta	1488982277
This is outdated for DPS.  You want T8 Gamma Rays, T4 Fissure, T4 Atomize, T8 Collider, and T0 Triage.  You don't need Discharge because you have so many other ways to build actuators, provided you have at least 35% MH (need about that much to be able to hold up rotation).  [Here](https://forums.wildstar-online.com/forums/index.php?/topic/153544-gamma-rays-rotation-drop-7-pre-rmt-set/) is a good guide on how to gear and play the rotation and [this](http://www.jabbithole.com/builder/medic#284434p088000000/su8.0.2lzx.12h.0.0) is my build.Priority list: T8 Gamma Rays &gt; T4 Collider &gt; T4 Fissure &gt; T4 Atomize &gt; T8 Collider	WildStar	1489106156
They're mostly a small group healer because Flash is the only ability that heals a whole raid.  You want T8 Emission, T8 Mending Probes, T8 Flash, T0 Quantum Cascade (throw off CD to dump actuators for free Emission), and T0 Dual Shock, [like so](http://www.jabbithole.com/builder/medic#m070n0q0o0O00000/2r7m.17g8.0.23o.0.11c).  The AMPs in the bottom right tree are optional.Priority list: T4 Emission &gt; T8 Mending Probes &gt; T8 Flash &gt; T8 Emission	WildStar	1489106260
You don't need Rejuvenator.  You also forgot Scalpel/Forceps, which is an absolutely mandatory AMP for this build.  Emergency is good too for, well, emergency healing.	WildStar	1489106357
DPS (low multi-hit): You want T8 Quantum Cascade and T8 Annihilation.  You throw QC off cooldown, use Discharge to build actuators, and all your other skills are used between each QC.  Last 3 slots are filler between Paralytic Surge (CC), Magnetic Lockdown (if you need double CC), Calm (CC break), Urgency (mobility skill, I personally really like this), and Empowering Probes (random buff, only if you don't need double CC/CC break).  [Here](http://www.jabbithole.com/builder/medic#107830a840800000/su8.0.2lzz.11c.0.0) is a build that does not require full AMPs/ability points, so it's mostly for fresh 50s.Priority list: T8 Quantum Cascade &gt; T8 Annihilation &gt; Twhatever Discharge&amp;nbsp;DPS (high multi-hit): You should switch to this build once you get above 30-35% multihit.  You want T8 Gamma Rays, T4 Fissure, T4 Atomize, T8 Collider, and T0 Triage.  Last 3 slots are filler between Paralytic Surge (CC), Magnetic Lockdown (if you need double CC), Calm (CC break), Urgency (mobility skill, I personally really like this), Empowering Probes (random buff, only if you don't need double CC/CC break), and Discharge (you might need this to build actuators if your MH is below 50%).  [Here](https://forums.wildstar-online.com/forums/index.php?/topic/153544-gamma-rays-rotation-drop-7-pre-rmt-set/) is a good guide on how to play the rotation and [this](http://www.jabbithole.com/builder/medic#284434p088000000/su8.0.2lzx.12h.0.0) is my build.Priority list: T8 Gamma Rays &gt; T4 Collider &gt; T4 Fissure &gt; T4 Atomize &gt; T8 Collider&amp;nbsp;Healer: You want T8 Emission, T8 Mending Probes, T8 Flash, T0 Quantum Cascade (throw off CD to dump actuators for free Emission), and T0 Dual Shock, [like so](http://www.jabbithole.com/builder/medic#m070n0q0o0O00000/2r7m.17g8.0.23o.0.11c).  Last 3 slots are filler between Paralytic Surge (CC), Magnetic Lockdown (if you need double CC), Calm (CC break), Urgency (mobility skill, I personally really like this), Empowering Probes (random buff, only if you don't need double CC/CC break), and Recharge (you will need this to restore focus if you don't have a ton of focus recovery runes)  The AMPs in the bottom right tree are optional.Priority list: T4 Emission &gt; T8 Mending Probes &gt; T8 Flash &gt; T8 Emission	WildStar	1489106968
Oh in that case, should use Discharge as one of the flex slots and the other 2 can be CC/CC break/Emp Probes.	WildStar	1489107098
3 slot orange...gg, rip set runes	WildStar	1489107526
What's your runing and build?  I pull almost 10k on my 110 with only superbs.For medics, Striker is first priority, then Devastation.  Don't get anything else.	WildStar	1489107747
Is Onslaught really better than Devastation?  Once you hit the multi-hit cap, you should be runing for crit severity due to the interaction with Surgical and Power Converter.  You don't really need vigor.	WildStar	1489107827
That medic build is outdated for DPS.  You want T8 Gamma Rays, T4 Fissure, T4 Atomize, T8 Collider, and T0 Triage.  You absolutely cannot be running GR without Surgical.  [Here](https://forums.wildstar-online.com/forums/index.php?/topic/153544-gamma-rays-rotation-drop-7-pre-rmt-set/) is a good guide on how to gear and play the rotation and [this](http://www.jabbithole.com/builder/medic#2844p03488G0F0M0/su8.0.2lzx.12h.0.0) is my build.Priority list: T8 Gamma Rays &gt; T4 Collider &gt; T4 Fissure &gt; T4 Atomize &gt; T8 Collider	WildStar	1489107892
Eh I would get highs and save superbs for ilvl 100 gear, since you're replacing the 70 gear extremely fast.	WildStar	1489108075
Flash resets the cooldown of Mending Probes since every healer medic and RMT DPS medic should have Renewable Probes, so you can just instantly put them on again.  Probes-Flash-Probes is for emergency burst heal situations.	WildStar	1489137054
The build I linked has Recharge, so that can be used if low on focus.  I don't find myself using it that much at ilvl 105 with full Cynosure, but when I was lower geared it was a godsend.	WildStar	1489137388
America would be covered in yellow question marks for somehow deciding to elect Trump as president.	leagueoflegends	1489187019
Dog spelled backwards is...Jesus	aww	1489204431
Why are there Facebook chats in there?  Is it a thing for guilds to have a Facebook group and guild members to add each other on Facebook?  I have honestly never heard of this before.	quityourbullshit	1489204880
Devastation runes for crit and crit severity, throw a few Onslaught runes if you need strikethrough	WildStar	1489379499
A purr-isite.	shittyaskscience	1489575576
Does anyone know where to find text guides (no videos) for prime dungeons and raids?  I'd like to be able to look at guides while playing, and text guides usually do a good job of going over the important points, while videos are too long and can't really be used as a resource in the middle of a boss fight.Edit: And don't tell me to Google it, I've done that many times already and I wouldn't be asking this question on Reddit if I found what I was looking for.	WildStar	1489586140
What do you think I've been doing for so long?  You do realize I wouldn't be asking this on Reddit if I found a suitable guide that I liked using Google already?	WildStar	1489587307
